‘The Testimony of Three Witnesses.

Br it known auto all nations, kindreds, tongues, and people, unto
whom this work shall come, that we, through the grace of God the
Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ, have seen the plates which contain
this record, which is a record of the people of Nephi, sud also of the
Lamanites, thelr brethren, and also of the people of Jared, who came
from the tower of which bisth been spoket; and wo also know that the;
have been translated by the gift and power of God, for his voice hat!
declared it unto us; wherefore we know of a surety, that the work le
trie. And we alto testify that we bave ween the eugrariugs which are
upon the plates; and they have been shown unto us by the power of
od, and not of man. And we declare with words of soherness, thet an
angel of God came down from heaven, and he brought and laid before
‘our eyes, that we beheld and saw the pintos, and the engravings thereon;
‘and we know that it is by the grace of God the Father, aud our Lord
Jesus Christ, that we beheld and bare record that these things are tra
and it is matvelousin our yes, nevertheless, the voice of the Lord co
manded us that we stould bear record of it; wherefore, to be obedient
‘Unto the commandments of God, we bear testimony of these things.
{And we know tint it we are faithful in Chrie, #e aball rid our garments
of the blood of al! men, and he fonnd spotless before the judgment seat
of Christ, and shall dwell with him eternally in the heavens. And the
‘honor be to the Father, and to the Bun, and to the Holy Ghost, which ls

‘one God, Amen. ‘Ouree Cowveny,
Davin Warman
Mantix Hanan

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

And also the Testimony of Eight Witnesses,

‘Brit known unto all nations, kindreds, tongues, and people, unto
‘whom this work shall conie, that Joseph Smith, Jr., the trauslator of
this work, has shown unto us the plates of which hath been spoken,
which have the appearance of gold: and as many of the lenves as the
said Smith has translated. we did handle with onr hands: and we aleo
saw the engravings thereon, all of which hse the appearance of ancient
work, aud of curios workmapahip. And this we bear record with
words of suberness, that the said Smith has shown unto ne. for wo have
seen and hefted, and know of a surety, that the sald Smith hae got the
plates of which we have spoken. And we give onr names unto the world
to witness unto the world that which wo bave toon; 7
bearing witness of it.
Cunistiay Warmer, Hanan Pras,
Jacon Warren, Josten Sur
Perex Warrure, Jox., Hravs Sxira,
Joan Warren, Sawvet H. Suita.

 

 

 

 

Sex.
