2 FIRST BOOK OF NEPHI. [owar. x

dwelt at Jerusalem in all his days;) and in that same year there
ame many prophets, prophesying unto the people that they
must repent, or the great city Jerusalem must be destroved,
Wherefore it came to pass that my father Lehi, as he went
forth, prayed unto the Lord, yea, even with all his heart, in
behalf of his people.

3. And it came to pass, as he prayed unto the Lord, there
ame a pillar of fire and dwelt upon a rock before him; and
he saw and heard much; aud because of the things which he
saw and heard, he did quake and tremble exceedingly.

4, And it came to pass that he resumed to his own house at
Jerusalem; and he cast himself upon his bed, being overeome
with the spirit and the things which he had seen; and being
thus overcome with the spirit, he was carried away in a vision,
even that he saw the heavens open, and he thought he saw
God sitting upon his throne, surrounded with numberless con-
purses of angels In the attitude of singing. and praising their

5. And it came to pass that he saw ono descending out of
the midst of heaven, and he beheld that his lustre was above
that of the sun at noon-day; and he also saw twelve others
following him, and their brightness did exceed that of the stars

in the firmament; and they came down and went forth upon
the face of the earth; and the first came and stood before my
father, snd gave unto him s book, and bade: him that he should
read,
6. And it came to pass that as he read, he was filled with
the Spirit of the Lord, and he read, saying, Wo, wo unto Jeru-
salem! for I have seen thine abominations; yea, and many
things did my father read concerning Jerusalem—that it should
be destroyed, and the inhabitants thereof, many should perish
by the sword, and many should be carried away captive into
Babylon.

TL And it came to pass that whon my fither had read and
saw many great and marvellous things, he did exclaim many
things unto the Lord; such sa Great and marvellous are thy
works, O Lord God Almighty! Thy throne is high in the
heavens, and thy power, and goodness, and merey are over all
the inhabitants of the earth; and because thou art merciful,
thon wilt not suffer those who come unto thee that they shall
perish! And after this manner waa the language of my father
in the praising of his God; for his soul did rejoice, and his whole
heart was filled, because of the things which he had seen;
yea, which the Lord had shewn unto him. And now T, Nephi,
do not make a full account of the things which my father hath
