4 + FIRST BOOK OF NEPHI [ouar. 5.
he did travel in the wilderness with his fumily which consisted
of my mother Sariah, and my elder brothers, who were Laman,
Lemuel, and Sam,

14. And it came to pass that when he had travelled three
days in the wilderness, he pitched his tent in a valley by the
side of a river of water. And it came to pass that he built an
altar of stones, and made an offering unto the Lord, and gave
thanks unto the Lord our God. And in came to pass that he
cailed the namo of the river Laman, and it emptied into the Red
Sea;'and the valley was in the borders near the mouth thereof.

15, And when my father saw that the waters of th® river
emptied into the fountain of the Red Sea, he spake unto Laman,
saying, O that thou mightest be like unto this river, continually:
running into the fountain of all righteousness, And he also
spake unto Lemuel: O that thou mightest be like unto thie
valley, firm and steadfast, and immoveable in keeping the com-
mandments of the Lord. Now this he spake because of the
stiffneckedness of Laman and Lemuel; for behold they did
murmur in many things against their father, because he was 2.
visionary man, and had led them out of the land of Jerusalem,
to leave the land of their inheritance, and their gold, and their
silver, and their precious things, to perish in the wilderness.
‘And this they said he had done because of the foolish imagina-
tions of his heart. And thus Laman and Lemuel, being the
eldest, did murmur against their father. And they did murmur
because they knew not the dealings of that God who had cre-
ated them. " Neither did they believe that Jerusalem, that great
city, could be destroyed according to the words of the prophets.
And they were like unto the Jews, who were at Jerusalem,
who sought to take away the life of my father.

16. And it came to pass that my father did speak unto them
in the valley of Lemuel, with power, boing filled with the Spirit,
until their frames did shake before him. And he did confound
them, that they durst not utter against him; wherefore they
did as he commanded them, And my father dwelt in tent,

11. And it came to pass that I, Nephi, being exceeding
young, nevertheless being large in stature, and also having great
Ucsires to know of the mysteries of God, wherefore I did ery
unto the Lord; and behold he did viait me, and did soften my
heart that I did believe all the words which had been spoken
by my father; wherefore I did not rebel against him like unto
my brothers. And I spake unto Sam, making known unto him
the things which the Lord had manifested unto me by his
Holy Spirit.

18, And it came to pass that he believed in my words; but

 

 
