OAP. 1} FIRST BOOK OF NEPHL. 7

28, And it came to pass that when Laban saw our property,
and that it was exceeding great, he did lust after it, insomuch
that he thrust us out, and sent his servants to slay us, that he
might obtain our property. And it came to pass that we did
fice before the servants of Laban, and we were obliged to lenve
behind our property, and it fell into the lauds of Luban,

29. And it came to pass that we fled into the wilderness, awd
the servants of Laban did not overtake wy, and we hid ourselves
in the cavity of a rock. And it came to pass that Laman was
angry with me, and also with my father, and also was Lemuel;
for he hearkened unto the words of Laman. Wherefore Lamas
and Lemuel did speak many hard words unto us, their younger
brothers, and they did smite us even with a rod.

30. And it came to pass as they smote us with a rod, behold
an angel of the Lord came and stood before them, and he spake
unto them, saying, Why do ye smite your younger brother
with a rod? Know ye not that the Lord hati chosen him to be
a ruler over you, and this because of your iniquities? Behold
ye shall go up to Jerusalem again, and the Lord will deliver
Laban into your hands. And after the angel had spoken unto
us, he departed.— And after the angel had departed, Laman and
Lemuel again began to murmur, saying How is it possible that
the Lord will deliver Laban into our hands? Behold he is a
mighty man, and he can command tifty, yeu, even he can slay
fifty ; then why not us?

——~_ 31, And it came to pass that I spake unto my brethren, say-
ing, Let us go up again unto Jerusalem, and let us be faithful in
keeping the commandments of the Lord; for behold he is might-
ier than all the earth, then why not mightier than Laban and
his fifty, yea, or even than his tens of thousands. Therefore let
vos go up; let us be strong like unto Moses; for he truly spake
‘unto the’ waters of the Red Sea, and they divided hither and
thither, and our fathers came through out of captivity on dry
ground, and the armies of Pharaoh did follow aud were drown-
ed in the waters of the Red Sea. Now behold ye know that
this is true; and ye also know thet an angel hath spoken unto
you, wherefore can ye donbt? Let us go up; the Lord is able
wo deliver us, even as our fathers, and to destroy Laban even as
the Egyptians.

32, Now when I had spoken these words, they were yet
wroth, and did still continue to murmue; nevertheless they did
follow me up until we came without the walls of Jerusalem,
‘And it was by night: and { caused that they should hide them-
selves without the walls. And after they had hid themselves,
I, Nephi, crept into the city, and went forth towards the house

 

  
