8 FIRST BOOK OF NEPUI. [onar. 1.

of Laban, And [was led by the Spirit,not knowing beforeiand
the things which I should do. Nevertheless T went forth, and
as [came near unto the house of Laban, I beheld a man, and
he had fallen to the earth before mo, for he was drunken with
wine. And when I came to him I found that it was Laban.
Ant [ beheld luis sword, and I drew it forth from the sheath
thereof, and the hilt thereof was of pnre gold, and the work-
manship thereof was exceeding fine: aud Isaw that the blade
tiwreof was of the most precious steel.

And it came to pass that I was constrained by the Spirit
that { should kill Laban: but I said in my heart, never at any
time have I shed the blood of man, and I shrank and would
tht I might not slay him. And the Spirit said unto me again,
Behold the Lord hath delivered him into thy hands; yea, and
T also knew that he had sought to take away mine own life;
yea, and he would not hearken unto the commandments of the
Lord; and he also had taken away our property.

34. And it came to pass that the Spirit said unto me again,
Slay him, for the Lord hath deivered him sto thy hands. "Be:
hold the Lord slayeth the wicked to bring forth his righteous
purposes. It is better that one man should perish, than that a
ation should dwindle and perish in unbelief.

85, And now, when I, Nophi, had heard these words, I re-
membered the words of the Lord which he spake unto me in
the wilderness, saying, that inwmuch as thy seed shall keep my
‘commandments, they shall prosper in the land of promise. Yea,
and Lalso thought that they could not keep the commandments
of the Lord according to the law of Moses, save they should
have the law. And I also knew that the law was engraven
upon the plates of brass, Aud again—t knew that the Lord
had delivered Laban iuto my hands for titis cause, that I might
obtain the recortis according to his commandments, ‘Therefore
dkl obey the voice of the Spirit, aud took Laban by the hair of
the head, and I smote off his head with his own sword.

36. And after I had smitten off his head with his own sword,
Ttook the ypurments of Laban and put them upon mine own
Innly: yea, even every whit; and (did gird on his armour about
lois. "And after I had done this, I went forth unto the
rexsury of Laban, And as [went forth towards the treasury.
of Labun, bebold I saw the servant of Laban, who had the keys
of the treasury. And T conmauded him in the voice of Laban,
that he should go with me into the treasury; and he supposed
me to be his master Laban, for he beheld tie garments and also
the sword girded about my loins, And lie ypake unto me con-
cerning the elders of the Jows, he kuowing that his master

 

 

  

  
