12 FIRST BOOK OF NEPHI. [ouap. 1

pleasing unto the world, I,do not write, but the things which
are pleasing unto God and unto those who are not of the
world. Wherefore I shall give commandinent unto my seed.
‘that they shall not occupy these plates with things which are
not of worth unto the children of men.

2. And now I would that ye might know, that after my
father Lehi had nade an end of prophesying cancerniny his seed,
it came to pass that the Lord spake unto him again. saying, that
it was not meet for him, Lehi, that he should take his funity
into the wildemess alone; but that his sons should take daugie
ters to wile, that they might raise up seed unto the Lord in the
lund of promise.

3, And it came to pass that the Lord commanded him that
I, Nephi, and my brethren, should again return unto the land
of Jerusalem, and bring down Ishmael and his family into the
wilderness,

7 4. Aud it came to pass that T, Nephi, did again, with my
brethren, go forth into the wilderness to go up to Jerusalem.
And it came to pass that we went up unto the house of Ih-
mael, and wé did gain favor in the sight of Tslimael, insomuch
that we did speak unto hin the words of the Lord

5, And it came to pass that the Lord did soften the heart of
Ishmael, and also his honschold, insomuch that they took their
Journey with us down into the wilderness to the tent of our
father. And it came to pass that as we jonrneyed in the wile
derness, beliold Lani and Lemuel, and two of the diugiters
of Ighniael, aud the two sons of Ishmael, and their families. did

yea, against me, Nephi, and Sam, and their
father Ishawel. and his wife, and his three other daughters.
6. And it came to pass in the which rebellion, they were
desirons to return unto the land of Jerusalem. And wow I,
. being grieved for the hardness of their hearts, there:
fore | spake nnto them, saying, yea, even unto Laman and unto
Lemuel, Behold ye are mine elder brethren; and how is it
that ye are so lard in your hearts, ard so blind in your minds,
e have need that I, your younger brother, should speak
unto you, yea, and set an example for you? How is it that ye
have not hearkened unto the word of the Loni? How is it that
ye have forgotten that ye have seen an angel of the Lord? Yea,
and how is it that ye have forgotten what great things the Lord
hath done for us, in delivering us out of the hands of Laban,
and also that we should obtain the record? Yea, and how is
it that yo have forgotten that the Lord ia able to do all things
according to his will, for the children of men, if it so be that
they exercise faith in hin; wherefore let us be faithful to him

  

 

 

  

 

   

 

 
