CHAP. t1.] FIRST BOOK OF NEPHI. 1B

Anu if it so be that we are faithful to him, we slinll obtain the
land of promise: and ye shall know at some future perio. Ut
the word of the Lord shall be fultilled coucerning the destruction
of Jerusalem; for all things which the Lord lath spoken con:
cerning the destruction of Jerusalem, must be fulfilled. For
behold, the Spirit of the Lord ceaseth soon to strive with them;
for behold they have rejected the prophets, aud Jeremiuit have
they cast into prison, And they have songht to take away tho
life of my father, insomuch that they have driven him out of
the land.

7. Now behold, I say unto you, that if ye will return unto
Jerusalem, ye shall also perish with them. Aud now. if ya
have choice, go up to the land, and remember the words whigh
I speak nnto you, that if ye go ye will also perish: for thus the
Spiritof the Lord constraineth me that I should speak.

8. And it came to pass that when 1, Nephi, lial! spoken these
words unto my brethren, they were angry with me. And it
came to pass that they did lay their hands pon me—for hebold,
they were exceeding worth—and they did hind me with cords,
for they sought to take away my life. that they inight
in the wilderness to he devoured by wild beasts

9. But it came to pass that I prayed unto the Lord,
© Lord, according to my faith which is in thee. wilt thon deliver
me from the hands of my brethren; yea. even give me strength
that T may burst these bands with which Lam bouud,

10. And it came to pass that when T had said these words,
behold, the bands were loosed from off my hands and feet, and
T stood before my brethren, and I spake unto thent asain.

11. And it came to pass that they were angry with nur again,
and sought to lay hands upon me; but heliold. one of the
daughters of Ishmael, yea, and also her mother. and one of the
sons of Ishmael, did plead with my brethren, insomuch that
they did soften thir hearta; and they did cease striving to take
away my life.

12. And it came to pass that they were sorrowful. berate
of their wickedness, insomuch that they did how sown betire
me, and did plead with me, that T would forgive them of the
thing that they had done against me.

13. And it came to pass that I did frankly forgive them all
that they had done, and I did exhort them that they would
pray unto the Lord their God for forgiveness. And it came to
pass that they did so. And after they had done praying unto
the Lord, we did again travel on our journey towards the tent
of our father.

14. And it came to pass that we did come down unto the

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 
