16 FIRST BOOK OF NEPHI. [onar. u.

saw other multitudes, feeling their way towards that great and
spacious building.

25, And it came to pass that many were drowned in the
depths of the fountain; and many were lost from his view,
wandering in strange roads. Aud great was the multitude that
did enter into that strange building. And after they did enter
into that building, they did point the finger of scorn at me, and
those that were partaking of the fruit also: but we heeded them
not. These are the words of my futher: For as many as heeded
them, had failen away. And Laman and Lemuel partook not
of the fruit, suid my father.

26. And it came to pnss after my father had spoken all the
words of his dream or vision, which were many, he said unto
us, because of these things which he saw in a vision, he ex-
eeedingly feared for Laman and Lemuel: yea, he feared leat
they should be cast off from the presence of the Lord: and he
did exhort them tlien with all the feeling of a tender parent,
that they would hearken to lis words, that, perhaps the Lord
would be merciful to them, and not cast them off; yea, my
father did preach unto them.

2%. And after he had preached unto them, and also prophe-
siod unto them of many things, he bade them to keep the com-
mandments of the Lord; and he did cease speaking unto them.
And all these things did my father see, and hear. and speak, as
he dwelt in a tent, in the valley of Lemuel: and wlso a great
many moro things, which cannot be written upon these plates.
And now, as I have spoken concerning these plates. behold,
they are not the plates upon which I make a full account of the
history of my people; for the plates upon which I make a full
account of my people, I have given the name of Nephi: where-
fore, they are called the plates of Nephi. after mine own name;
and these plates also, are called the plates of Nephi.

28. Novertheless, I have received a commandment of the
Lord, thit I should make these plates, for the special purpose
that there should be an account eugraven of the ministry of my.
people. Upon the other plates should be engraven an account
of the reign of the kings, and the wars and contentious of my:
people; wherefore, these plates are for thp more part of the
ministry; and the other plates are for the more part of the
reign of the kings, and the wars and contentions of my people,
Wherefore. the Lord hath commanded me to make these plates,
for a wise purpose in him; which purpose I know not. But
the Lord knoweth all things from the beginning: wherefore, he
Prepareth a way to accomplish all his works among the chil-

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
