cnap. 1] FIRST BOOK OF NEPHI. 17

dren of men; for behold he hath all power unto the fulfilling of
all his words. And thus it is. Amen.

CHAPTER III.

1, AND now I, Nephi. proceed to give an account upon these
plates, of my proceedings, and my reign and ministry; wher
fore, to proceed with mine account, I must speak somewhat of
the things of my father, and also of my brethren.

For behold, it came to pass after my father had made un
end of speaking the words of his dream, and also of exhorting
them to all diligence, he spake unto them concerning the Jews,
that after they should be destroyed, even that great city Jern-
salem, and many be carried away captive into Babylon, accord-
ing to the own due time of the Lord, they should return again;
yea, even be brought back out of captivity: and after they
Bhould be brought back out of captivity, they should possess
again the land of their inheritance.

3. Yea, even six hundred years from the time that my father
left Jerusalem, a prophet would the Lord God raise up among
the Jews: even a Messiah; or, in other words, a Savior of the
world. And he also spake coneerning’ the prophets, how great
a number had testified of these things, concerning this Messialt,
of whom he had spoken, or this Rececmer of the world. Where-
fore, all mankind were in a tost and in # failen state, and ever
would be, save they should rely on this Redeemer.

4. And he spake also, concerning 1 prophet, who should
come before the Messiah, to prepare the way of the Lord; yea
eveu he should go forth and cry in the wilderness, Prepare yo
the way of the Lord. and make his paths straight; for there
standeth one among you whom ye know not; and he is mighti-
er than T, whose shoe’s latchet I um not worthy to unloose.
Aad much spake my father concerning this thing.

5. And my father said he should baptize in Bethabary, be-
yond Jordan; and he also said he should baptize with water;
even that he should baptize the Messiah with water. And
after he had baptized the Messiah with water, lic should he-
hold and bear record, that he had baptized the Lamb of God,
who should take away the sins of the world.

6. And it came to pass after my father had spoken these
words, he spake itnto my brethren concerning the gospel which
should be preached among the Jews, and ulso conecrning the
dwindling of the Jews in unbelief. And after they had slain
tho Messiah who should come, and after he had been slain, he

 

   

 

 

 
