—

18 FIRST BOOK OF NEPHI. {caar. im,

should rise from the dead, and should make himself mauifest by
the Holy Ghost, unto the Gentiles.

7. Yea, even my father spake much concerning the Gentiles,
and also concerning the house of Israel, that they should be
compared like unto an olive tree, whose branches should be
broken off, and should be scattered upon all the face of the
earth. Wherefore, he said it must needs be that we should be
Jed with one accord, into the land of promise unto the fulfilling
of the word of the Lord, that we should be scattered upon all
the fice of the earth, And after the house of Israel should be
scattered, they should be gathered together again; or, in fine,
after the Gentiles had received the fullness of the gospel, the
natural branches of the olive tree, or the remnants of the house
of Israel, should be grafted in, or come to the knowledge of the
true Messiah, their Lord and their Redeemer. And after this
manner of language did my father prophesy and speak unto my
brethren; and also many more things, which Ido not write in
this book; for I have written as many of them as were expe-
dient for me in mine other book. And all these things of which
Thave spoken, were done as my father dwelt in a tent, in tho
valley of Lemuel. :

8. And it came to pass after I, Nephi, having heard all the
words of my father, concerning the things which he saw
in a vision; and also the things which he spake by the
power of the Holy Ghost; which power:he received by faith
‘on the Son of God; and the Son of God was the Messiah, who
should come. I, Nephi, was desirous algo, that I might see,
and hear, and know of these things, by the power of the Holy
Ghost, which is the gift of God unto all those who diligently
seck him, as well in times of old as in the time that he should
manifest himself unto the children of men: for he ix the same
yesterday, to-day, and forever; and the way is prepared for all
men from the foundation of the world, if it so be that they re-
pent and come unto him; for he that diligently seeketh, shall
find; and the mysteries of God shall be unfolded unto them, by
the power of the Holy Ghost, as well in these times as in times
of old; and as well in times of old as in times to come; where-
fore, the course of the Lord is one eternal round, ‘Therefore,
remember, 0 man, for all thy doings, thou shalt be broughit into
judgment. Wherefore, if ye have sought to do wickedly in the
days of your probation, then ye are found unclean tefore the
judgment seat of God;' and no unclean, thing can dwell with
God: wherefore, ye must be cast off forever. And'the Holy

:*Ghost giveth authority that I should speak these things and
dény them not.
