20 FIRST BOOK OF NEPHI. (cmap. um.

most beautiful and fair above all other virgins. And he said
unto me, Knowest thou the condescension of God? And Isaid
unto him, 1 know that he loveth his children; nevertheless, I
do not know the meaning of all things. And he ssid unto me,
Behold, the virgin whom thou seest, is the mother of the Son
of God, after the manner of the flesh.

16. “And it came to pass that I beheld that she was carried
away in the Spirit; and after she had been carried away in the
Spirit for the space of a time, the angel spake unto me, saymg,
Look! And f looked and beheld the virgin again, bearing a
child in her arms. And the angel said unto me, Behold the
Lamtb of God, yea, even the Son of the Eternal Father! Know-
est thow the meaning of the tree which thy father saw? And
Tanswered him, saying, Yea, it is the love of God, which shed-
det itself abroad in the hearts of the children of men; where-
fore, it is the most desirable abovo all things. And he spake
unto me, saying, Yea, and the most joyous to the soul. And
after he had said these words, he said unto me, Look! And I
fooked, and I beheld the Son of God going forth among the
children of men: and T suw many full down at his feet and
worship him,

17, And it came to pass that I beheld that the rod of iron
which my father had seen, was the word of God, which led to
the fountain of living waters, or to the tree of life: which
waters are a representation of the love of God; and Talso be-
held that the tree of life was a representation of the love of
God, And the angel said unto me again, Look and beliold the
condescension of God! And I looked and beheld the Redeem-
er of the world, of whom my father-had spoken; and I also be-
held the prophet who should prepare the way before him,
And the Lamb of God went forth and was baptized of him;
and after he was baptized, I beheld the heavens open, and the
Holy Ghost come down ont of heaven and abode upon him in
the form of a dove. And I beheld that he went forth minister-
ing unto the people, in power and great glory; and the multi-
tudes were gathered together to lear him: and I beheld that
they east him out from among them. And Lalso belield twelve
others following him.

18. And it came to pass that they were carried away in tho
Spirit, from before my face, and T saw them not, And it camo
to pass that tie angel spake unto me again, saying, Look! And I
Tooked, and I beheld the heavens open again, and J saw angels
desceniting upon the children of meni; and they did minister
tanto them. Atl he spake unto me wguin, saying, Look! And
looked, and I beheld the Lamb of God going forth among the

 

 

  

 

 

 
