CHAP. 101.] FIRST BOOK OF NEPHI. 21

children of men. And | beheld multitudes of people wh» were
k, and who were wfieted with ull mauner of diseases, and
with devils, and wmelean spirits, and the angel spake. and shew-
ed all these things unto me. And they were healed by the
power of the Lamb of God, and the devils and the unclean
apirits were cast ont,

19. And it came to pass tint the angel spake unto me atin,
saying, Look! And I looked and beheld the Lamb of God, that
he was taken by the people; yea, the Son of the everlasting
God was judged of the world: und I saw and bear record. And
T, Nephi, saw that le was lifted up upon the cross, and slain
for the sins of the world. And after he was stain, I suw the
multitudes of the earth, that they were gathered together to
fight ayuinst the apostles of the Lainb; for thus were the twelve
called by the angel of the Lord. And the multitude of the
earth was gathered together; and T belield that they were in &
large and spacious building, like unto the building which my
Gther saw! And the angel of she Lont spake unto me aga,
ug. Behold the world and the wisdom thereof; yea, behold,

thy howe-of Ismael hath gathered together, to ght ayrainat the
* twelve apostles of the Lamb.

20. And it came to pass that I saw and bear record, that the
great and spacious building was the pride of the world; and it
fell; and the fali thereof was exceeding great. And the angel
of the Lord spake nto ine again, saying, Thus shail be the des-
truetion of all nations, Kindreds, tongues and people, that shall

Deicke apotes of he Lan.
21. And it came to pass that the angel said unto me, Look,
and behold thy seed, and also the seod of thy brethren! And

I looked and beheld the land of promise; and I beheld multi-

tudes of people, yea, even as it were in number, as many as the

sand of the cea,

22. And it came to pass that I beheld multitudes gathered
together to battle, one against the other; and I beheld wars,
and rumors of wars, and great slaughters with the sword among

people.

sd Se casas 0 ead wine Tiwaiala ara panerRHNN We

Sh wns. aftor the tanner of wars and cantentions in the laud;
and T beheld many ets, yea, even thet T di not nunber

them,

24. And it came to pass that T saw a mist of darkness on the
face of the land of promise; and I saw lightnings, and I heard
thunderings, and earthquakes, and all manner of tumultuous
‘noises; and I saw the earth and the rocks that they rent; and
1 saw mountains tumbling into pieces; and I saw the plains of

  

  

 

  

  

ry
