22 FIRST BOOK OF NEPHI. [cwap. mm.

the earth, that they were broken up; and I saw many cities,
that they were sunk; and I saw many that were burned with
fire; and I saw many that did tumble to the earth, because of
the quaking thereof,

25. And it came to pass after I saw these things, I saw the
vapor of darkness, that it passed from off the face of the earth;
and behold, I saw multitudes who had fallen, because of the
great and terrible judgments of the Lord, And I saw tho
heavens open, and the Lamb of God descending out of heaven;
and he came down and shewed himself unto them. And I also
saw und bear record that the Holy Ghost fell upon twelve oth-
ers, and they were ordained of God, and chosen.

26. And the angel spake unto me, saying, Behold the twelve
disciples of the Lamb, who are chosen to minister unto thy
seod, And he said unto me, thou remembereth the twelve
apostles of the Lamb? Behold they are they who shall judge
the twelve tribes of Israel: wherefore, the twelve ministers of
thy seed shall be judged of them: for ye aro of the house of
Israel: and these twelve ministers whom thou beholdest, shall
judge thy seed. And behold they are righteous forever: for
‘because of their faith in the Lamb of God, their garments are
made white in his blood.

21. And the angel said unto me, Look! And I looked and
Deheld three generations pass away in righteousness: and their
garments were white, even like unto the Lamb of God. Aud
the angel said unto me, These are made white in the blood
of the Lamb, because of their faith in him. And J, Nephi,
also saw many of the fourth generation, who passed away
righteousness.

28. And it came to pass that I saw the multitudes of the
earth gathered together. And the angel said unto me, Behold
thy seed, and also the seed of thy brethren! And it came to
pass that I looked and beheld the people of my seed gathered
together in raultitudes against the seed of my brethren; and
they were gathered together to battle,

29. And the angel spake unto me, saying, Behold the foun-
tain of filthy water which thy father saw: yea, even the river
of which he spake; and the depths thereof are the depths of
hell: and the mists of darkness are the temptations of the devil,
which blindeth the eyes, and hardeneth the hearts of the chil-
dren of men, and leadeth them away into broad roads, that they
may perish, and are lost; and the large and spacious building
which thy father saw, is vain imaginations and the pride of the
children of men, And a great and terrible gulf divideth them;
yea, even the word of the justice of the eternal God, and the

 

 

 

 
