30 FIRST BOOK OF NEPHI. fomap. rv,

of the hardness of their hearts, and also because of the things
which I had seen, and knew they must unavoidably come to
pass because of the great wickedness of the children of men.
And it cuine to pase that I was overcome because of my afilic-
tions, for I considered that mine afflictions were great above all,
Lecause of the deetructions of my people; for I had beheld
ticeir fall.

2. And it came to puss that after I hud received strength, I
spake uni my brediren, desiring to know of them the cause of
tuvir disputations, And they said, Behold, we cannot under-
stand the words which our father hath spoken concerning the
natural branches of the olive tree, and also concerning the Gen-
tiles. And I said unto them, Have ye inquired of the Lord?
And they said unto me, We have not; for the Lord maketh no
Suvi thing known unto us. Bebold, { said unto them, How is
it Ut ye do not keep the commandinents of the Lord’? How
i it that ye will perish becanse of the hardness of your hearts?
Do ye not remember the things which the Lord hath said, If ye
will not harden yonr hearts, and ask me in faith, believing Wat
ye clull receive, with diligence in keeping my commandments,
surely, these things shall be mude known unto you.

3. Behold, I say uuto you, that the house of Israel was com-
pared unto an olive tree, by the Spirit of the Lord which was
in our fathers; and behold, are we not broken off from the house
of Isracl; und are we not a branch of the house of Israel?
And now, the thing which our father meaneth concerning the
grafting in of the natural branches throngh the fullness of the
Gentiles, is, that in the latter days, when our seed shall have
dwindled in unbelief, yea, for the spree of many years, and many
generations, after the Messiah shall be manifested in body unto
the children of men, then shall the fullness of the gospel of the
Messiah come unto the Gentiles, and from the Gentiles unto the
remnant of our seed; and at that day, shall the remnant of our
sced know that, they are of the house of Israel, and that they
are the covenant people of the Lord; and then shall they know
and come to the knowledge of their forefathers, und also to the
knowledge of the gospel of their Redeemer, which was minis-
tered unto their fathers by hin; wherefore, ‘they shall eome to
the knowledge of their Redeemer, and the very points of his
doctrine, that they may know how to come unto him and be
saved. And then at that day, will they not rejoice and give
Praise unto their everlasting God, their rock and their salva-
tion? Yea, at that day, will they not receive the strength and
nourishment from the true vino? Yea, will they not come unto
the true fold of God? Behold, I say unto you, Yea: they shall

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
