34 FIRST BOOK OF NEPHI. [onar. v.

the ball, which led us in the more fertile parta of the wilderness.
And after we had travelled for the space of many days, we did
pitch our tents for the space of a time, that we might again rest
Ourselves and obtain food for our families.

8. And it came to pass that aa I, Nephi, went forth to sluy
food, behold, I did break my bow, which’ was made of fine
steel; and after I did break my bow, behold, my brethren were
angry with me, because of the loss of my bow, for we did ob-
tain no food. ‘Aud it came to pass that we did return without
food to our families, And being much fatigued, because of
their journeying, they did suffer much for the want of food.

9. ‘And it came to pass that Laman and Lemuel, and the sons
of Ishmael, did begin to murmur exceedingly, because of their
sufferings and afflictions in the wilderness; and also my father
began to murmur against the Lord his God; yea, and théy were
all exceeding sorrowful, even that they did murmur against the
Lord.

10, Now it came to pass that 1, Nephi, having been afflicted
with my brethren, because of the loss of my bow: and their
bows having lost their springs, it began to be exceeding diffi-
ult, yea, insomuch, that we could obtain no food. Aad it came
to pass that I, Nephi, did speak much unto my brethren, be-
cause they had hardened their hearts again, even unto complain-
ing againat the Lord their God. And it came to pase that I,
Nephi, did maker out of wood a bow, and out of a straight stick,
an arrow; wherefore, I did arm myself with a bow and an ar-
row, with a sling, und with stones. And I said unto my father,
Whither shall T go, to obtain food? And it came to pass that
he did enquire of the Lord, for they had humbled themseives
because of my word; for I'did say many things unto them in
the energy of my soul.

11, And it came to pass that the voice of the Lord came unto
my father: and he was truly chastened because of his mur-
uring againet the Lord, insomuch that he was brought down
into the depths of sorrow. And it, came to pass that the voice
of the Lord said unto him, Look upon the ball, and behold the
things which are written! And it came to pass that when my
fatlier beheld the things which were written upon the ball, ho
did fear and tremble exceedingly; and also my brethren, and
the sons of Ishmael, and our wives.

12. And it came to pass that I, Nephi, beheld the pointers
which were in the ball, that they did work according to the
faith, and diligence, and’ heed, which we did give unto them.
And’ there was also written upon them a new writing, which
‘was plain to be read, which did give us understanding concen»

 
