36 FIRST BOOK OF NEPHI. [cuar. v.

their anger, and did repent of their sins, insomuch that the Lord
did bless us again with food, that we did not perish.

12. And it came to pass that we did again take our joumey”
in the wilderness; and we did travel nearly eastward, from that,
time forth. And we did travel and wade through much afflic~
tion in the wilderness; and our women did bear children in the
wilderness, And so great were the blessings of the Lord upon.
e we did live upon raw meat in the wilderness, our
d give plenty of suck for their children, and were
strong, yea, even like unto the men; and they began to bear
their journeyings without murmurings, And thus we see that
the commandments of God must be fulfilled. And if it so be
that the children of men keep the commandments of God, he
doth nourish them, and strengthen them, and provide means
whereby they can accomplish the thing which he has com-
manded them: wherefore, he did provide means for us while
we did sojourn in the wilderness, And we did sojourn for the
space of many yearg, yea, even eight years in tho wilderness.
And we did come to the land which we called Bountiful,
because of its much fruit, and_also wild honoy; end all these
things were prepared of the Lord, that wo might not perish.
And we beheld tho sca, which wo called Irreantum, which
being inter: 2ted, fe, many waters.

18. And’it came to pass that wo did pitch our tents by the
seashore; and notwithstanding wo had suffered many affictions,
and much diffienlty, yea, even so much that wo cannot write
them all, we were exceedingly rejoiced when we came to the
sea-shore; and We called the place Bountiful, because of ite
much frnit,

19, And it came to pass that after J, Nephi, had been in the
land of Bountitul for the space of many days, the voice of the
Lord came unto me, saying, Arise, and get thee into the mount-
ain. And it came to pass that I arose and went up into the
mountain, and eried unto the Lord.

20. And it came to pass that the Lord spake unto me, saying,
‘Thou shalt construet a ship, after the manner which I shall
shew thee, that I may earry thy people across these waters.
Aud I said, Lord, whither hall I go, that I may find ore to
molten, that I may make tools to construct the ship, after the
manner which thou hast shewn unto me? And it came to pass
Watt the Lord told me whither I should go, to find ore, thar I
migist make tools,

21, And it came to pass that I, Nephi, did make a bellows
wherewith to blow the fire, of the skins of beasts; and after I
had made & bellows, that I'might have wherewith to blow the

   

 

 
