onap. v.] FIRST BOOK OF NEPHI. 39

wrath of God was upon them; and the Lord did curse the land
against them, and bless it unto our fathers; yea, he did curse
it against them unto their destruction; and he did bless it unto
‘our fathers, unto their obtaining power over it. Behold, the
Lord hath created the earth that it should be inhabited; and he
hath created his children, that they should possess it. And he
raiseth up a righteous nation, and destroyeth the nations of the
wicked. And he leadeth away the righteous into. precious
lands, and the wicked he destroyeth. and curseth the land unto
them for their sakes. He ruleth high in the heavens, for it is
his throne, and this earth is his footstool. And he loveth those
who will have him to be their God. Behold, he loved our
fathers, and he covenanted with them, yea, even Abraham,
Isaac, and Jacob: and he remembered the covenants whieh he
had made; wherefore, he did bring them out of the land of
Egypt, and he did straighten them in the wilderness with his
rod, for they hardened their hearts, even as ye lave: and the
Lord straightened them because of their iniquity. He sent
fiery-fiying serpents among them: and after they were bitten,
he prepared a way that they might be healed; and the labor
which they had to perform, was to look! and hecause of the
simpleness of the way, or the easiness of it, there were many
who perished. And they did harden their hearts from time to
time, and they did revile against Moses, and also against God;
nevertheless, ye _know that they were led forth by his match-
leas power into the land of promise.

26. And now, after all these things. the time ]ias come that,
they have become wicked, yea, neurly unto ripeness; and I
know not but they are at this day about to be destroyed: for
I know that the day must surely come, that they must be
destroyed, save a few only, who shall be led away into cap-
tivity: wherefore, the Lord commanded my father, that he
should depart into the wilderness; and the Jews also sought to
take away his life; yea, and ye also have sought to tuke away
his life: wherefore, ye ate murderers in your hearts. and ye are
like unto them. Ye are swift to do iniquity, but slow to remem
ber the Lord your God. Ye have seen an angel, amd he spake
unto you; yea, ye have heard his voice from time to time: and
he hath spoken unto you in a still, small voiee. but ye were past
feeling, that ye could not feel his words; wherefore, he las
spoken unto you like unto the voice of thunder, which did
cause the earth to shake as if it were to divide asunder. And
ye algo know. that by the power of his almighty word, he can
cause the earth that'it shall pass away; yea, and ye know that
by his word, he can cause the rough places to be made smooth,

    

 

    

 

  

 
