cuar. vi] FIRST BOOK ‘OF NEPHI. 47

together. All ye, assemble yourselves, and hear; who among
them hath declared these things unto them? The Lord hath
loved him; yea, and he will fulfil his word which he hath
declared by them; and he will do his pleusure on Babylon, and
his arm shall come upon the Chaldeans. Also, saith the Lord:
I the Lord, yea, I have spoken; yea, I have called him, to
declare, Ihave brought him, and he shall make his way pros-
perous,

4. Come ye, near unto me; I have not spoken in secret from
the beginning; from the time that it was declared, have I
spoken; und the Lord God, and his Spirit hath sent me. And
thus saith the Lord, thy Redeemer, the Holy One of Israel: I
have sent him, the Lord thy God who teacheth thee to profit,
‘who leadeth thee by the way thou shouldst go, has done it.
that thou hadst hearkened to my commandment! then had thy
peace been as a river, and thy righteousness as the waves of
the sea: thy seed algo had been as the sand; the offspring of
thy bowels like the gravel thereof: his namo should not have
‘een eut off nor destroyed from before me,

5. Go ye forth of Babylon, flee ye from the Chaldeans, with
a voice of singing declure ye, tell ‘this, utter to the end of the
earth; say ye, The Lord hath redeemed his servant Jacob.
‘And they thirsted not: he led them through the deserts: he
caused the waters to flow ont of the rock for them; he clave the
Tock also, and the waters gushed ont, And notwithstanding
he hath done all this, and greater also, there is no peace, saith
the Lord, unto the wicked.

6. And again: Heurken, © ye house of Israel, all ye that are
broken off and are driven out, because Of the wickedness of the
pastors of my people; yea, all ye that are broken off, that are
seattered abroad, who are of my people, O house of Israel,
Listen 0 isles unto me; and hearken, ye people, from far; the
Lord hath called me from the womb; from the bowels of my
mother hath he made mention of my name. And he hath
made ray month like a sharp sword; in the shadow of his hand
hath he hid me, and made me a polished shaft: in his quiver
hath he hid me, and sid unto me, Thou art my servant, 0
Israel, in whom Iwill be glorified. Then I said, I have labored
in vain, I have spent my strength for nought, and in vain;
surely, my jodment is with the Lord, and my work with my
Bod.

7. And now, saith the Lord. that formed me from the womb
that I should ‘be his servant, to bring Jacob again to him:
Though Israel be not gathered, yet shall T be glorious in the
‘ayes of the Lord, and my God shall be my strength. And he

 
