50 FIRST BOOK OF NEPHI. (omar. vn.

founded, because of the Holy One of Israel; for against hitn
will they harden their hearta; wherefore, they shall be scat-
tered amoug all nations, and shal! be hated of all men. Never-
tholess, atter they shall be nursed by the Gentiles, and the Lord,
has lifted up his hand upon the Gentiles and set them up for a
standard, and their children have been carried in their ars,
and their daughters have been carried upon their shoulders,
bohold, these things of which are spoken, are temporal: for
thus are the covenants of the Lord with our fathers; and it
mewneth us in the days to come, and also all our brethren who
fare of the house of Israel. And it meaneth that the time
cometh that after all the house of Israel have been scattered
and confounded, that the Lord God will raise up a mighty
nation among the Gentiles, yea, even upon the face of this land;
and by them shall our seed be scattered.

2, And after our seed is scattered, the Lord God will proceed
to doa marvellous work among the Gentiles, which shall be of
great worth unto our seed; wherefore, it is likened unto theie
Being nourished by the Gentiles, and being carried in their
arms, and upon their shoulders. And it shall also-be of worth
unto ‘the Gentiles: and not only unto the Gentiles, but unto all
the house of Israel, unto the making known of the covenants of
the Father of heaven unto Abraham, suying, In thy seed shall
all the kindreds of the earth be blessed. And I would, my
brethren, that ye should know that all the kindreds of the earth
cannot be blessed, unless he shall make bare his arm in the
eyes of the nations. Wherefore, the Lord God will proceed to
make baro his arm in the eyes of all the nations, in bringing
about his covenants and his gospel, unto those who are of the
house of Israel. Wherefore, ho will bring them again out of
eaptivity, and they shall be gathered together to the lands of
their inheritance: and they shall be brought out of obscurity,
and ous of darkness: and they shall know that the Lord is their
‘Savior and their Redeemer, the mighty one of Israel. And the
blood of that great and abominable church, which is the whore
of all the earth, shall turn upon their own heads; for they shall
war among themselves, and the sword of their own hands shull
fall upon their own heads, and they shall be drunken with their
‘own blood, And every nation which shall war against thee, 0
house of Israel, shall be turned one against another, and they
shall fall into the pit which they digged to ensnare the people
of the Lord.

3. And all that fight against Zion, shall be destroyed. And
that great whore, who hath perverted the right ways of the
‘Lord; yea, that great and abominable church, shall tumble tc

   

  
