52 SECOND BOOK OF NEPHI: [enap. x.

gathereth his children from the four quarters of the earth; and
he numbereth his sheep, and they know him; and there shall
bbe one fold and one shepherd: and he shall feed his sheep, and
in him they shalf find pasture. And because of the righteous—
ness of his peeple, satan has no power; wherefore, he cannot.
be loosed for the space of many years; for he hath no power
over the hearts of the people, for they dwell in righteousness,
aud the Holy One of Israel reigneth And now behold, I,
Nephi, say unto you, that all these things must come according
to the’ flesh. But. behold all nations, kindreds, tongues, and
people, shall dwell safely in the Holy One of Israel, if it so be
that they will repent.

5. And now I. Nephi, make an end; for T duret not speak
further as yet, concerning these things.’ Wherefore, my breth-
ren, | wonid that ye should consider that the things which have
been writzen upon the plates of brass, are true; and they testify
thut a man must be obedient to the commandments of God.
‘Wherefore, ye need not suppose that I and my father are the
oniy ones that have testified, and also taught them, Wherefore,
if ye sliall be obedient to the commandments, and endure to the.
end, ye shall be saved at the lastday. And thus it is. Amen

a

THE SECOND BOOK OF NEPHI.

 

CHAPTER I,

An account of the deuth of Leki. Nephi’s brethren rebelleth
against him, The Lord warns Nephi to depart into the wit-
derness. His jururneyings in the wilderness, &c.

1. Axp now it came to pase after I, Nephi, had made an end
of teaching my brethren. our father, Lehi, also spake many
things unto them, how great things the Lord had done for them,
ins bringing them ont of the land of Jernsalem, And he spake
unto then concerning their rebellions upon the waters, and the
mercies of God in sparing their lives, that they were not.ewal-
lowed up in the sea. And he also spake unto them coneerning
the land of promise, which they had obtained: how merciful the
Lord had been in warning us that we should flee gut of the land
of Jerusalem. For, behold, said he, I have seen a vision, in
whith I know that Jerusalem is destroyed; and had we remain
