omar. 1.) SECOND BOOK OF NEPHI. 5B

perished with hunger in the wilderness; nevertheless, ye sought
to take away his life: yea, and he hath suffered much sorrow
because of you. Aud I exceedingly fear and tremble because
of you, lest he shall suffer again; for behold, ye have accused
hit that he sought power and authority over you ; but I know
that he hath not sought for power nor authority over you; but
he hati sought the glory of God, and your own cternal welfare.
And ye have murmured because he hath been plain unto you.
Ye say that he hath used sharpness; ye say that he hath been
angry with you. But hehold, his sharpness was the sharpuess
of the power of the word of God, which was in hitn and that
whieh ye call anger, was the truth, according to that which is
in God, which he could not restrain, manifesting boldly con-
cerning your iniquities. And it must needs be that the power,
of God must be with him, even unto his commanding you, that’
ye must obey. But behold, it was not he, but it was the
Spirit of the Lord which was in him, which opened his mouth
to utterance, that he could not shut it.

5, And now my son Laman and also Lemuel and Sam, and
also my wons who are the sons of Ishmael, behold, if ye will
hearken unto the voice of Nephi, ye shall not perish. “And
ye will hearken unto him, I leave unto you a blessing, yea, even
my first blessing. But if ye will not hearken unto him, I take
away my Gre blesing, yea, even my blessing, andi bill rest
upon him, And now, Zoram, I speak unto you: Behold, thou

*art the servant of Laban; nevertheless, thou hast been brought
out of the land of Jerusalem, and I know that thou art a true
friend unto my son Nephi, forever. Wherefore, because thou
hast been faithful, thy seed shall he blessed witi: his seed, that
they dwell in prosperity long upon the face of this land; and
nothing, save it shall be iniquity among them, shall harm
or disturb their proyperity upon the fice of this land forever.
‘Wherefore, if ye shall keep the commandments of the Lord, the
Lord hath consecrated this land for the security of thy seed
with the goed of my son. And now, Jacob, I speak unto you:
Thou art my first born in the days of my tribulation in the wil-
derness. And behold, in thy childhood thou hast suffered
afflictions and much sorrow, because of the rudeness of thy
brethren, Nevertheless, Jacob, my first born in the wilder-
ness, thou knowest the greatness of God; and he shill conse-
crate thine afflictions for thy gain. Wherefore thy soul shall
be blessed, and thou shalt dwell safely with thy brother,
Nophi; and thy days shall be spent in the service of thy God.
Wherefore, I know that thou art redeemed, because of the
righteousness of thy Redeemer: for thou hast beheld, that in

 

  

 
