56 SECOND BOOK OF NEPBL fonar. x.

the fullness of time, he cometh to bring salvation unto men.
And thou hast beheld in thy youth, his glory; wherefore, thou
art blessed even as they unto whom he shall minister in the
flesh: for the spirit is the same, yesterday, to-day, and forever.
And the way ig prepared from the full of man, and salvation is
free. And inen ure instructed sufficiently, that they kaow good
from evil, And the law is given unto men. And by the law,
no fiesit is justitied; or, by the law, taen are ent off. Yea, by
the temporal baw, they'were cut off; and also, by the spiritual
law, they perish from that which is good, and become miserable
forever. Wherefore, redemption cometh in and through the
holy Messialt: for he is full of grace and trath.

6. Behold, ie offereth himself a sacrifice for sin, to answer
the ends of the law, unto all those who have a broken heart
‘and & contrite spirit; and unto none else can the ends of the
law be answered. Wherefore, how great the importance to
make these things known unto the inhabitants of the earth, that
they may know taat there is no flesh that can dwell in the
presence of God, save it be throngh the merits, and mercy, and.
grace of the holy Messiuh, who layeth down his life according
to the tlesh, and ursethr it again by the power of the spirit, that
he may bring vw ss the resurrection of the dead, being the
first that should rise. Wherefore, he is the first fruite unto
God, inaswauch as he shall inake intercession for all the children
of men; and thoy that believe in him, shall be saved. And
because of the intercession for all, all men come uuto God} +
wherefore, they stand in the presence of Him, to be judged of
Him, according to the truth aud holiness which is in Him,
Wherefore, the ends of the law which the Holy One hath
given, unto the inflicting of the punishment which is affixed,
which punishment that is affixed is in opposition to that of the
happiness which is affixed, to answer the ends of the atonement;
for it must needs he, that there is an opposition in all things.
If not so, my first born in the wildernoss, righteousness could
not be brought to pass; neither wickedness; neither holiness
nor misery; neither good nor bad. Wherefore, all things must
needs be'a compound in one; wherefore, if it should be one
body, it must needs remain as dead, having no life, neither death
nor corruption, nor incorruption, happiness nor misery, neither
sense nor insensibility. Wherefore, it must needs have been
created for a thing of nought; wherefore, there would have
been uo purpose in the eud of its creation. Wherefore, this
thing must needs destroy the wisdom of God, and his eternal
purposes; and also, the power, and the mercy, and the justice
of God. ’ And if ye shall say there is no law, ye simll also say

 

 

 
