cHaP. 1] SECOND BOOK OF NEPHL 57

there is no sin. And if ye shall say there is no sin, ye shall
algo say there is no righteousness. And if there be no right-
eousness, there be no happiness. And if there be no righteous-
ness nor happiness, there be no punishment nor misery. And
if these things are not, there is no God. And if there is no
God, we are not, neither the earth, for there could have been
no creation of things, neither to act nor to be acted upon;
wherefore, all things must have vanished away.

7. And now, my sons, I speak unto you these things. for
your profit and learning: for there is @ God, and he hath
ereated all things, both the heavens and the earth, and all
things that in them is: both things to act, and things to be
acted upon; and to bring about his eternal purposes in the end
of man, after he had created onr first parents, and the beasts of
the field and the fowls of the air, and in flue, all things which
are created, it must needs be that there was an opposition:
even the forbidden fruit in opposition to the tree of life; the
one being sweet and the other bitter; wherefore, the Lord God
gave unto man, that le should act for himself. Wherefore,
man could not act for himself, save it should be that he waa
enticed by the one or the other.

8 And I, Lehi, according to the things which I have read,
must needs suppose, that an angel of God, according to that
which 1s written, had fallen from heaven; wherefore he became
adevil, having sought that which was evil before God. And
because he had fallen from heaven, and had become miserable
forever, he sought ulso the misery of all mankind. Wherefore,
he said unto Eve, yea, even thai old serpent. who is the devil,
who 1s the father of all lies; wheretore he said, Partake of the
forbidden fruit, and ye shall not die, but ye shall be as God,
knowing good andevil. And after Adam and Eve had partaken
of the forbidden fruit, they were driven out of the garden of
Eden, to tll the earth. And they have brought forth children;
yea, even the family of all the earth. And the days of the
children of men were prolonged, according to the will of God,
that they might repent while in the flesh; wherefore, their state
became a state of probation, and their’ time was lengtheuest,
according to the commandments which the Lord God gave unto
the children of men. For he gave commandment that all men
must repent; for he shewed unto all men that they were lost,
‘because of the transgression of their parents. And now, behold,
if Adam had not transgressed, he would not have fallen; but he
would bave remained in the garden of Eden. And all things
winch were created, must have remained in the same state
which they were, after they were created: and they must have

 

 

 
