cmap. 11] SECOND BOOK OF NEPHI. 59

who was carried captive into Egypt. And great were the
covenants of the Lord." which le wade unto Joseph; where-
fore. Joseph truly saw our day. And he obtained a’ promise
of the Lord, that out of the fruit of his loins, the Lord God
would raise up a righteous branch unto the house of Israel;
not the Messiah, but a branch which was to be broken off;
nevertheless, to be remembered in the covenants of the Lord,
that the Messiah should be made manifest unto them in the
latter days, in the spirit of power, unto the bringing of then out
of darkness unto light; yea, out of bidden darkness and out of
captivity unto freedom.

2. For Joseph truly testified, saying: A seer shall the Lord
my God raise up, wito shall be a choice seer unto the fruit of
my loins. Yea, Joseph truly suid, thus saith the Lord unto me:
A choice seer will I raise up out of the fruit of thy loins; and
he shall be esteemed highly amoug the fruit of thy loins. And
unto him will I give commandment, that ho shall do a work for
the fruit of thy loins, his brethren, whies shall be of great
worth unto them, even to the bringing of them to the knowl
ecige of the covenants which 1 have made with thy fathers.
And I will give unto him commandment, that he shall do none
other work save the work which J shall command him. And-
I will make him great in mine eyes: for he shall do my work.
And he shall be great like unto Moses, whtom I have said I
would raise up unto you, to deliver my people, O house of
Israel. And Moses will [ raise up, to deliver thy people out of
the land of Rgypt. But a seer will I raise up out of the fruit
of thy loins; and unto him will I give power to bring forth am
word unto the seed of thy loins; and not to the bringing fort
my word only, saith the Lord, but to the convincing them of
my word, which shall have already gone forth among them,
Wherefore, the fruit of thy loins shall write; and the trnit of
the loins of Judah shall write; and that which shall be written
by the fruit of thy Joins, and ‘also that which shall be written
by the fruit of the loins of Judah, shall geow together, unto the
confounding of false doctrines, and laying down of contentions,
and establishing pence among the frait of thy loius, and bring-
ing them to the knowledge of their fithers in the latter days;
and also to the knowledge of my covenants, saith the Lord.
And out of weakness he shall be made strong. in that day
when my work shall commence among all my people, unto the
restoring thee, O house of Israel, saith the Lord.

3. And thus prophesied Joseph, saying: Behold, that seer
will the Lord bless; and they that seck to destroy him, shall be

 

 

 

 
