64 SECOND BOOK OF NEPHI. — [ewap.rv.

Nephi, should depart from them, and flee into the wilderness,
aud all those who would go with me. Wherefore, it came to
pass that I, Nephi, did take my family, and also Zoram and bis
funily, and Sam, mine elder brother, and his family, and Jacob,
and Joseph, my younger brethren, and also my sisters, and all
those who would go with me. And all those who would zo
with me, were those who believed in the warnings and the revel-
ations of God; wherefore, they did hearken unto my words,
‘Aud we did take our tents and whatsoever things were possibte
for us, and did journey in the wilderneys for the space of many
dius. Aud after we had joumeyed for the space of many days,
we did piteh our tents, And my people would that we should
call the name of the place Nephi: wherelore, we did call it
Nephi. And all those who were with me, did take upon them
to call themselves the people of Nephi. And we did observe to
keep the judgments, and the statutes, and the commandments of
the Lord, in all things, according to the law of Moses. And the
Lord was with us; and we dig prosper exceedingly: for we did
sow seed, and we did reap again in abundance, Aud we began
to raise flocks, and herds, snd animals of every kind, And f,
Nephi; hiad also brought the records which were engraven upon
the plates of brass: and also the ball, or compass, which was
prepared for my father, by the hand of the Lord, aecording to
that which is writen.

3. And it came to pass that we began to prosper exceedingly,
and to multiply in the land. And I, Nephi, did take the sword
of Laban, and after the manner of it did make mauy swords,
lest by any means the people who were now called Lamanites,
should come upon us aud destroy uy: for I knew their hatred
towards me and my children, aud those who were called my
people. And Idid teach my people to build buildings: and to
work in all manner of wood, and of iron, and of copper, and, of
brass, und of steel, and of gold, and of silver, and of precious ores,
which were in great abundance. And 1, Nephi, did build a
temple; and I did construct it atter the manner of the temple of
Solomon, save it were not built of ¢o many precious things: for
they were not to be found upon the land; wherefore. it could
not be built like unto Solomion’s temple. But the mannor of
the construction was like unto the temple of Solomon; and the
workmanship thereof was exceeding fine

4. And it came to pass that I, Nephi, did cause my people to
be industrious, and to labor with their hands. And it came to
pass that they would that Istiould be their king. But I, Nephi,
wos desirous that they should have no king; tevertheless, I did
for them according to that which was in my power. And

 

 

 

 

    

   

 

  
