cur. v.] SECOND BOOK OF NEPHI. eT

unto me that they should return again. And he also has shewa:
unto me, that the Lord God, the Holy one of Israel, should
manifest himself unto them in the flesh; and after he should
manifest himself, they should scourge him and crucify him,
sceording to the words of the angel, who spake it unto me.
And after they have hardened their hearts and stiffened their
necks againat the Holy One of Israel, behold, the judgments ot
the Holy One of Israel shall come upon them. ‘And the day
cometh that they shall be smitten and afflicted. Wherefore,
after they are driven to and fro, for thus saith the angel, many
shall be afficted in the flesh and shall not be suffered to perish,
because of the prayers of the faithful, they shall be scuttered,
and smitten, and hated; nevertheless, the Lord will be merciful
unto them, that when they shall come to the knowledge of
their Redeemer, they shall be gathered together again to the
lands of their inheritance.

6. And blessed are the Gentiles, they of whom the prophet
has written: for behold, if it so be that they shall repent and
fight not against Zion, and do not unite themselves to that great
and abominable chureh, they shall be saved: for the Lord God
will fulfill his covenants which he has made unto his children:
and for this cause the prophet hay written these things.
Wherefore, they that fight against Zion and the covenant
people of the Lord, shall lick up the dust of their feet; and the
people of the Lord shall not be ashamed. For the people of the
Lord are they who wait for him: for they still wait for the
coming of the Messiah. And behold, according to the words
of the prophet, the Messiah will aet himself again the second
time, to recover them: wherefore, he will manifest himself unto
them in power and great glory, unto the destruction of their
enemies, when that day cometh when they shall believe in him;
and none will he destroy that believe in him. And they that
believe not in him, shall be destroyed, both by fire, and by
tempest, and by earthquakes, and by bloodsheds, and by pesti-
ence, and by famine. And they shall know that the Lord is
God, the Holy One of Israel; for shall the prey be takeu from
the mighty, or the lawful captive delivered? “But thus saitit
the Lord: Even the captives of the mighty shall be taken away,
and the prey of the terrible shall be delivered; for the mighty
God shall deliver his covenant people. For thus saith the
Lord: I will contend with them that contendeth with thee. and
Iwill feed them that oppress thee, with their own flesh; and
they shall be drunken with their own blood, as with sweet
wine; aad all flesh shall know that I the Lord am thy Savior
and thy Redeemer, the mighty One of Jacob. Yea, for thus

 
