68 SECOND BOOK OF NEPHI. {cuar. ¥.

saith the Lord; Have I put thee away, or have I cast thee off
forever? For thus aaith the Lord: Where is the bill of your
mother's divoreement’? To whom have I put thee away, or to
which of my creditors have I sold you? Yea, to whom have I
sold you? Behold, for your iniquities have ye sold yourselves,
and for your transgressions is your mother put away; where-
foro. wlicn I eame, there was no man: when I called, yea, there
was none to answer.

6. 0, House of Israel, i my hand shortened at all that it can-
not redeem, or have I'no power to deliver? Behold, at my
rebuke, {dry up the sea, I make their rivers a wilderness and
their tish to stink, because the waters are dried up; and they
die because of thirst. I clothe the hoavens with’ blackness,
and I make sackcloth their covering. The Lord God hath
given me the tongue of the learned, that I should know how to
speak a word in season unto thee, O house of Israel. When ye
are weary, he waketh morning by morning. He waketh mine
ear to hear as the learned. The Lord God hath opened mine
ear, I was not rebellious, neither turned away back. I gave
my buck to the smiter, and my cheeks to them that plucked off
the hair. I hid not my face from shame and spitting, for the
Lord God will help me: therefore shall 1 not be confounded.
Therefore have J sot iay face like a flint, and I know that T
shall not be ashamed; and the Lord is near, and he justifieth
me. Who will contend with me? Let us stand together. Who
is mine adversary? Let him come near me, and I will smite him
with the strength of my mouth: for the Lord God will help me.
And ail they who shall condemn mo, behold, all they shall wax
old as a garment, and the moth shall eat them up.

7. Who is among you that feareth the Lord: that obeyeth
tho voiee of his servant: that walketl in darkness, and hath no
light? Behold, all ye that kindle tire, that compuss yourselves
about with sparks, walk in the light of your fire, and in the
sparks which ye have kindled. This shall ye have of mine
hand: Ye shall lie down it sorrow. Hearken unto me, ye that
follow ater righteousmess: Look unto the rock trom whenee ye
are hewn, and to the hole of the pit from whenee ye ure digges,
Look unto Abraham, your father, and unto Sarah, she that bare
you: for I called hiui alone, and blessed him. For the Lord
shall comturt Zion: he will comfort all her waste places; and
he will make her wilderness like Eden, and her desert like the
garden of the Lord. Joy and gladness shall be found therein,
thanksgiving and the voice of melody. Hearken unto me, my
people: and give ear unto me, O my nation: for alaw shall
Proceed from me, and I will make my judgment to reat for a

 

 

   

 

 
