4 SECOND BOOK OF NEPHI. [cnap. v1.

the way for man is narrow, but it lieth in a straight course
before him, and the keeper of the gate is the Holy One of
Israel: and’ he employeth no servant there; and there is none
other way, save it be by the gate, for he cannot be deceived;
for the Lord God is his name. And whoso knocketh, to him,
will he open; and the wise, and the learned, and they that are
rich, who are puffed up because of their learning, and their
wisdom, and their riches; yea, they are they, whom he des-
piseth; and save they shall cast these things away, and con-
sider themselves fools before God, and come down in the depths
of humility, he will not open unto them. But the things of the
wise and the prudent, shall be hid from them for ever; yea, that
happiness which is prepared for the saints. 0, my beloved
brethren, remember my words: Behold, I take off my garmenta
and I shake them before you: I pray the God of my salvation
that he view me with his all-searching'eye; wherefore, ye shall
know at the last day, when all men shall be judged’ of their
works, that the God of Israel did witness that 1 shook your

iquities from my soul, and that I stand with brightness before
him, and am rid of your blood.

16. O, my beloved brethren, turn away from your sing; shake
off the.chains of him that would bind you fast} come unto that
God who is the rock of your salvation. Prepare your souls for
that glorious day, when justice shall be administered unto the
righteous; even the day of judgment,'that ye may not. shrink
with awful fear; that ye may not remember your swful guilt in
perfectness, and be constrained to exclaim, Holy, holy are thy
jndgments, 0 Lord God Almighty. But I know my guilt; I
transgressed thy law, and my tranggressiona are mine; and the
devil had obtained me, that I am a prey to his awful misery.
But behold, my brethren, is it expedient that I should awake
You to an awful reality of these things? Would I harrow up
Your souls, if your minds were pure? Would I be piain unto
You according to the plainness of the truth, if ye were freed
From sin? Behold, if ye were holy, I would speak unto you
of holiness; but as’ ye are not holy, and ye look upon me as a
teacher, it taust necds be expedient that I teach you the couse-
quences of sin, Behold, my soul abhorreth sin, and my heart
deligghteth in righteousness; and I will praise the holy name of
my God. Come, my brethren, every one that thirsteth, come
ye to the waters; and he that hath’ no money, come buy and
‘eat yea, come buy wine and milk without money and without
price. Wherefore, do not spend money for that which is of no
worth, nor your labor for that which canuot satisfy. Hearken
diligently unto me, remember the words which I have spoken:

 

 

 

 
