cuap.vi.] SECOND BOOK OF NEPHI. 5

and come unto the Holy One of Israel, and feast upon that
which perisheth not, neither cau be corrupted, and let your
soul delight in fatness. Behold, my beluved brethren, remem=
ber the words of your God; pray unto him continually by day,
and give thanks unto hie holy name by night. Let your hearts
rejoice, and beliold how great the covenants of he Lord, and
how great his condescensions unto the children of men; and
because of his greatness, and his grace and mercy, Le has
promised unto us that our seed shall not utterly he destroyed,
according to the Hesh, but that he would preserve them: and
in future genorations, they shall become @ righteous branch
unto the house of leracl.

17. And tiow, my brethren, I would speak unto you more;
but on the morrow 1 will declare unto you the remainder of my
words. Amen.

CHAPTER VII.

1. AND now I, Jacob, apeak unto you again, my beloved
brethren, concerning this righteous branch of which 1 have
epoken. ' For behold, the promises which we have obtained,
are promises unto us according to the flesh; wherefore, as it
has been shown unto me that many of our children shall perish
in the flesh, because of unbelief, nevertheless God will be
merciful unto many; and our children shall be restored, that
they may come to that which will give them the true knowledge
of their Redeemer. Wherefore, as I said unto you, it must
needs be expedient that Christ (for in the last night the angel
spake unto me that this should be his name) should come among
the Jews, among those who are the more wicked part of the
world; and they shall crucify him: For thus it beliooveth our
God; and there is none other nation on earth that would crucify
their God, For should the mighty miracles be wrought among
other nations, they would repent, and know that he be their
God; but because of priesterafts and iniquitics. they ut Jerusa-
Jem will stiffen their necks against, him, that he Ue crucified.
Wherefore, because of their iniquities, destructions, famines.
pestilerice ‘and bloodsheds, shall come upon them; and they
who shall not be destroyed, shall bo seattered among all nations,

2. But behold, thus saith the Lord God: When the day
cometh that they shall believe in me. that Iam Christ, then
have T covenanted with their fathers that they shall be restored
in the Resh, upon the earth, unto the lands of their inheritance.

 

   
