78 SECOND BOOK OF NEPHI: — [cuap. vm.

3. And now I write some of tho words of Isaiah, that whoso
of my people shall see these words, may lift up their hearts and
rejoice for all men, Now thee are the words; and ye may
iken them unto you, and unto all men.

4. The word that Isaiah, the son of Amoz, saw, concerning
Judah and Jerusalem: And it shall come to pass in the last
duys, when the mountain of the Lord’s house shall be establiah-
ed in the top of the mountains, and shall be exalted above the
Lills, aud all nations shall flow unto it, and many people shall go
and say. Come ye, and let us go up to the mountain of the Lord,
to the house of the God of Jacob; and he will teach us of his
ways, and we will walk in his paths: for out of Zion shall go
forth thé law, and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem. And
he shall judge among the nations, snd shall rebuke many people;
and they shall beat their sworda into plough shares, and their
spears into pruning hooks; nation shall not lift up sword agains!
nation, neither shall they learn war any more. Q house o
Jacob, come ye and let us walk in the light of the Lord; yea
come, for ye have all gone astray, every one to his wicket
ways.

5. Therefore, 0 Lord, thou hast forsaken thy people, the
house of Jacob, because they be replenished from the east, and
hearken unto soothsayers like the Philistines, and they please
themselves in the children of strangers. Their land also is full
of silver and cold. neither is there any end of their treasures;
their land is also full of horses, neither is there any end of their
chariots; their land also is full of idols; they worship the work
of their own hands,—that which their own fingers have made:
and the mean man boweth not down, and the great man hum-
bleth himself not: therefore forgive him not,

6. ye wicked ones, enter into the rock, and hide thee in
the dnst, for the fear of the Lord, and the glory of his majesty
shall smite thee. And it shall come to pass that the lofty looks
of man shall be humbled, and the haughtiness of men shall be
howed down, and the Lord alone shall be exalted in that day,
For the day of the Lord of hosts soon cometh upon all nations;
yea, upon every one; yea, upon the proud and lofty, and upon
‘every one who is lifted up; and he shall be brought low; yea,
and ‘the day of the Lord’ shall come upon all the cedars of
Lebanon, for they are high and lifted up; and upon all the oaks
of Bashan, and upon all the high mountains, and upon all the
hills, and upon all the nations which are lifted up. and upon
every people, and upon every high tower, und upon every
fenced wall, and upon all the ehips of the sea, and upon all the
ships of Tarshish, and upon all pleasant pictures. And the ”

 

 

 

 
