onap. 1x] | SECOND BOOK OF NE¥PHI. 87

Ephraim: and Ephraim, Manasseh; they together shall be
against Judah. For all this his anger is not wurned away, but
his hand stretched out still.

17. Wo unto them that decree unrighteous decrees, and that
write grievousness which they have prescribed; to turn away
the needy from judgment, and to take away the right from the
poor of my people, that widows may be their prey, and that
they may rob the fatherless! Aud what will ye do in the
of Visitation, and in the desolation which shail come from
to whom will ye tlee for help? and where will ye leave your
glory? Without me they shall bow down under the prisoners,
and Uey shall fall under the slain, For all this his anger is
not tumed away, but hig hand stretched out still.

18, O Assyrian, the rod of mine anger, aud the staff in their
hand is thew indignation, I will send him against a hypocritical
nation, and against the people of my wrath will I give him a
charge, to take the spoil, and to take the prey, and to tread
them down like the mire of the streets. Howbeit he meaneth
not 80, neither doth his heart think so; but in his heart it is to
destroy and.cut off nations not i few. For he saith, Are not
my princes altogether kings? Is not Calno as Carchemish?
Te not Humath a Arpad? Is not Samaria as Damascus? As
my hand hath founded the kingdoms of the idols, and whose
graven images did excel them of Jerusalem and of Samaria:
shall I not, aa I have done unto Samaria and her idols, so do to
Jerusalem and to her idole? Wherefore it shall come tw pass,
that when the Lord hath performed his whole work upon
mount Zion and upon Jerusalem, I will punish the fruit of the
stout heart of the king of Assyria, and the glory of his high
looks. For he saith, By the strength of my land and hy my
wisdom I have done these things: for I am prudent; and T
have moved the borders of the people, aud have robbed their
treasures, and I have put down the inhabitants like a valiant
man: and my hand hath foawl as a uest the riches of the peo-

Yple; and as one gathereth exgs that are left, have I gathered
all the earth: and there was none that moved the wing, or
opened the mouth, or peeped. Shall the axe boast iteclf
against him that heweth therewith? Skull the saw magnify
itself against him that shaketh it? as if the rod should shako
itself against thein that lif it up, or as if the staff should lif up
itgelf, a8 if it were no wood. Therefore shall the Lord, ute
Lord of hosts, send among his Gat ones. leanness: and under lis
glory he shall kindle a burning like the burning of a fire. And
the light of Israel shill be for a fire, and his Holy One for a
flame, and shall burn and shall devour his thorns and hig briers

   

 

 
