cuaP. x1] SECOND BOOK OF NEPHI. 95

and clean hands, and look not forward any more for another
Messiah, then, at that time, the day will come that it must
needs be expedient that they should believe these things, and
the Lord will set his hand again the second time to restore his
people from their lost aud fallen state. Wherefore, he will
proceed to do # marvellous work, and a wonder among the
children of men.

4. Wherefore, he shall bring forth his words unto them,
which words shall judge them at the last day; for they shall be
given them for the purpose of convincing them of the true
Messiah, who was rejected by them: and unto the convineing
of them that they need not look forward any more for a Messiah
to come, for there should not any come, save it shonld be a false
Messiah, which should deceive the people: for there is save
one Messiah spoken of by the prophets, and that Messiah is he
who should be rejected of the Jews. For according to the
words of the prophets, the Messiah cometh in six Inmdred
years (rom the tine that my father left Jerusalem; and accord-
ing to the words of the prophets, and also the word of the angel
of God, his name shall be Jesus Chirist, the son of God.

5. And now my brethren, I have spoken plain, that ye can-
not err: and as the Lord God liveth, that brought Israel up out
of the land of Egypt, and gave unto Muses power that he should
heal the nations, wer they had been bitten by the poisonous
serpenta, if they would cast their eyes unto the serpent which
he did raise up before them, und also gave him power that he
should amite the rock, aud the water should come forth: yea,
behold, I say unto you, that ws these things are true, and as the
Lord God liveth, there is none other name given under Leaven,
save it be this Jesus Chirist of which 1 have spoken, whereby
man can be saved.

6. Wherefore, for this cause lath the Lord God promised
unto me that these things which I write, shall be kept and pre-
served, and handed down unto my seed, from generation to
generation, that the promise may ie faltilled unto Joseph, that
his seed should never perish az long as the earth should stand,
‘Wherefore, these things shall go from generation to generation
aa long as the earth shall stand; and they sliall xo according to
the will and pleasure of Gort: and the nations who shall possess
them, shall be judged of them according to the words which
are written; for we labor diligently to write, to persuade our
children, and also onr brethren, to helieve in Christ, and to be
reconciled to God: for we know tiat it is by grace that we are
saved, after all we can do,
+1, And notwithstanding we believe in Christ, we keep the
