96 SECOND BOOK OF NEPHI [onar, xs.

law of Moses, and look forward with steadfastness unto Christ.
until the law shall be fulfilled; for, for this end was the law
given; wherefore, the Iuw hath become dead unto us, and we
are made alive in Christ, because of our faith; yet we keep the
law beeause of the commandments; and we talk of Christ, we
rejoice in Christ, we preach of Christ, we prophesy of Christ,
nd We write according to our prophecies, that our children
inay know to what source they may look for a remission of

Wherefore, we speak concerning the law, that our
children may know the deadness of the law; and’ they, by
knowing the deadness of the law, may look forward unto that
life which is in Christ, and know for what end the law was
given. And after the law is fulliiled in Christ, that they need
not harden their hearts against him, when the law ought to be
done away.

8. And now behold, my people, ye are a stiff!mecked people;
wherefore, I have spoken phtin auto you, that ye cannot misun-
derstand. And the words whiel: I have spoken, shall stand as
fa testimony against you: for they are sufficient to teach any
man the right way: for the right way is to believe in Christ
and deny him not: for by denying him, ye also deny the pro-
phets and the law.

9. And now behold I aay unto you, that the right way is to
believe in Christ, and deny him not: and Christ is the Holy One
of Israel: wherefore ye must how down before him, and wor-
ship hi with all your might, mind and strength, and your
whole soul; and if ye do this, ye shall in no wise be cast out.
And inasmuch as it shall be expedient, ye must keep the per-
formances anid ordinances of God. until the law shall be fultilled
which was given unto Mos

10. And after Christ shall have risen from the dead, he shall
shew himseif unto you, my children, and my beloved brethren;
and the words which he shalt speak unto you, shall be the law
which ye shall do, For behold, I say unto you, that T have
beheld that inany generations shall pass away, and there stall
be great wars and contentions among my people. And after the
Messiah shall come, there shall be signs given unto my people
of his birth, and also of his death and resurrection: and great
and terrible shall that day be unto the wicked: for they shall
perish; and they perish hecause they cast out the prophets,
and the saints, and stone them, and slay them: wherefore the
ery of the blood of the saints shall ascend up to God from the
ground, against them. — Wherefore ali those who are proud, and
that do wickedly, the day that cometh shall burn them up, saith
tho Lord of hosts, for they shall be us stubble; and they that

 

 

  

 

 

  

  

 
