oHAP. XL] SECOND BOOK OF NEPHI 101

word; and wo be unto hitn that rejecteth the word of God.

18. But behold, 1t shall come to pass that the Lord God shall
say unto him to whom he shall deliver the book, Take these
words which are not sealed, and deliver them to another, that
he may shew them unto the learned, saying, Read this, I' pray
thee. And the learned shall say, Bring hither the book, and 1
will read them: and now, because of the glory of the world, und
to get gain, will they say this, and not for the glory of God.
And the man shall say. T cannot bring the book, for it is sealed.
‘Then shall the learned say, I cannot read it. Wherefore it shall
come to pass, that the Lord God will deliver again the book
and the words thereof, to him that is not learned; and the man
that is not learned, ahall say, 1 am not learned. ‘Then shall the
Lord God say unto him, The learned shall not read them, for
they have rejected them, and I am able to do mine own work;
wherefore, thou shalt read the words which T shall give unto
thee. Touch not the things which are sealed, for I will bring
them forth in mine own due time: for I will show unto the
children of men, that I am able to do mine own work. Where-
fore, when thou hast read the words which I have commanded
thee, and obtained the witnesses which I have promised unto
thee, then shalt thou seal up the book again, and hide it up
unto me, that 1 may preserve the words which thou hast not
read, until I shall gee fit in mine own wisdom, to reveal all
things unto the children of men. For beliold, I am God; and
Tam a God of miracles; and I will shew unto the world that T
am the samo yosterday, to-day, and forever; and I work nab
among the children of men, save it be according to their faith.

19. And again it shall come to pass, that the Lord shall say
unto him that shall read the words that shall be delivered him,
Forasmuch as this people draw near tmto me with their mouth,
and with their lips do honor me, but have removed their hearts
far from mo, and their fear toward me is taught by the precepts
of men, therefore, I will proceed to do a marvelous work among
tiis people; yeu, a marvelous work, and a wonder: for the wis-
dom of their’ wise and learned shall’perish, and the understand-
ing of their prudent stull be hid. And wo unto them that seek
deep to hide their counsel from the Lord. And their works are
in the dark; and they say, Who seeth us; and who knoweth
us? And they also say, Surely, your turning of things upside
down, shall be esteemed as the potter's clay. But. behold, I
will shew unto them, saith the Lord of hosts, that I know all
their works. For shall the work say of him that made it, Ho
made me not? Or shall the thing framed say of him that
framed it, He had no undorstanding? But behold, saith the
