no SECOND BOOK OF NEPHI. [cuars.xiv.xw_

CHAPTER XIV.

1. AND now, behold, my beloved brethren, I suppose that ye
pouder somewhat in your hearts, conceruing that which ye
should do, after ye have eutered in by the way. But behold,
why do ye ponder these thing in your hearta? Do ye not.
remember that I said uuto you, that after ye have received
the Holy Ghost, yo could speak with the tongue of angels ?
And now, how could ye speak with the tongue of angels, save
ut were by the Holy Ghost; angels speak by the power of the
Uoly Ghost: wherefore, they speak the words of Christ.
Whoretore, I'said unto you, Feast upon the words of Christ;
for behold the words of Christ will tell you all things what yo
should do. Wherefore, now after I have spoken these worda,
if ye eaunot understand them, it will be bevause ye ask not,
neititer do ye knock; wherefore, yo are not brought iuto the
light, but.imust perish in tho dark, For behold, again T say
unto you, ‘That if ye will enter in by the way und receive the
Holy’ Ghost, it will show unto you all things what ye should do.
Beliold, this is the doctrine of Christ; and there will be no more
doctrine given, until after he shall manifest himself unto you in
the flesh. And when ho shall manifest himself unto you in the
fiesl, the things which he shall say uuto you, shall ye observe
to do.

2. And now I, Nephi, cannot say more: the Spirit stoppeth
maine utterance, wud 1 am left to mourn because of the unbelief,
und the wickedness, aud the ignorance, aud the stiff-ueckedness
‘of men: for they will not search knowledge, nor understand
grout knowledge, when it is given unto them in plainness, even
as plain as word can be.

3. And now, my beloved brethren, I perceive that ye ponder
still in your hearts; and it grieveth me that I must speak con-
eeruing this thing. For if ye would hearken unto the spirit
which teacheth a man to pray, ye would kuow that ye must
pray: for the evil spirit teachethi not a man to pray, but teach.

“eth him that he must not pray. But beliold I say unto you,
‘That ye must pray always, and not faint: that ye must not per:
form any thing unto the Lord, save in tho first place ye shall
pray unto the Father in the name of Christ, that he will conse-
crate thy performance unto thee, that thy performance may be
for the welfare of thy soul.

 

   

CHAPTER XV.
1. AnD now L, Nephi, cannot write all the things which were
