112 BOOK OF JACOB. [cHar. x.

as the voice of one crying from the dust: Farewell until that
great day shall come; and you that will not partake of the
goodness of God, and respect the words of the Jews, and also
my words, and the words which shall proceed forth out of the
mouth of the Lamb of God, behold, Ibid you an everlustinys
farewell, for these words shall condemn you at the lust day; for
what [ seal on earth, shall be brought against you at the judg-
ment bar; for thus hath the Lord commanded me, and 1 muat
obey, Amen,

THE BOOK OF JACOB.
THE BROTHER OF NEPHI.

CHAPTER L

The words of his prewehing unto his brethren. He confoundeth a
‘man who secketh te overthrow the dodrine of Christ. A few
‘words concerniny the history of the people of Nephi.

1. For behold, it caine to pass that fifty and five years had
passed away, from the time that Lehi left Jerusalem; wherefore,
Nephi gave ‘me, Jacob; a commandment conceraing the amall
plates, upon which these things are engraven. And he gave
me, Jacob, a commandment that I should write upon these
plates, a few of the things which I considered to be most pre-
cious: that I should not touch, save it were lightly, concerning
the history of this people, which are called the people of Nephi.
For he said that the history of his people should be engraven
‘upon his other plates, and’ that I should preserve these plates,
and hand them down unto my seod, from generation to genera-
tion, And if there were preaching which was sacred, or rev-
elation which was great, or prophesying, that I should engraven
the heads of ther upon these plates, and touch upon them as
inuch aa it were possible, for Christ's sake, und for the sake of
our people: for because of faith and great anxiety, it truly had
been made manifest unto us concerning our people, what things
should happen unto them. And we also had many revelations,
and the spirit of much prophecy; wherefore, we knew of
Christ and his kingdom, which sliould come. Wherefore, we

   

  
