omar. 1.] BOOK OF JACOB. 113

labored diligently among our people, that we might persuade
them to come unto Christ, and partake of the goodness of God,
that they might enter into his rest, lest by any means he should
swear in his wrath they should not enter in, as in the provoca-
tion in the days of temptation, while the children of Israel were
in the wilderness. Wherefore, we would to God that wo could
persuade all men not to rebel ‘against God, to provoke him to
anger, but that all men would believe in Chirist, and view his
death, and suffer his cross, and bear the shame of the world;
wherefore, I, Jacob, take it upon me to fulfill the comunnd-
ment of my brother Nephi.

2. Now Nephi began to be old, and he saw that he must
soon die; wherefore, he anointed a man to be a king and ruler
over his people now, according to the reigns of the kings. The
people having loved Nephi exceedingly, he having been a great
protector for them, having wielded the sword of Laban in their
defence, and having labored in all his days for their welfare;
wherefore, the people were desirous to retain in remembrance
his name, And whoso should reign in his stead, were called
by the people, second Nephi, third Nephi, etc., according to the
reigns of the kings: and thus they were called by the people,
let them be of whatever name they would,

3. And it came to pass that Nephi died. Now the people
which were not Lamanites, were Nephites; nevertheless, they
were called Nephites, Jacobites, Josephites, Zoramites, Laman-
thes, Lemuelites, and Ishmselites. But I, Jacob, shall not here-
after distinguish them by these names, but I shall call ther,
Lamanites, that seek to destroy the people of Nephi; and those
who are friendly to Nephi, I shall call Nephites, or the people
of Nephi, according to the reigns of the kings.

4, And now it came to pass that the people of Nephi, under
the reign of the second king, hegun to grow hard in their liearts,
and indulge themselves somewhat in wicked practices, such a3
like unto David of old, demring many wives and concubines,
and also Solomon, his son: yea, and they also began to search
niuch gold and silver, and bean to be lifted up somewhat in
pride; wherefore, I, Jacob, gave unto them these words as I
tunnght them in the temple, having firstly obtained mine errand
from the Lord. For I, Jacob, and my brother Joseph, hud been
consecrated priests, and teachers of this people by the hand of
Nephi. And we did magnify our office unto the Lord, taking
upon us the responsibility, answering the sins of the people
upon our own heads, if we did not teach them the word of God
with all diligence; wherefore, by Inboring with our mights

  

 

  
