116 BOOK OF JACOB. (cmap. m.

word of God burthens mo because of your grosser crimes. For
behold, thus saith the Lord, This people begin to wax in
iniquity; they understand not tho scriptures: for they seek to
‘excuse themselves in committing whoredoms, beeatiso of the
things which were written concerning David, and Solomon his
gon. Behold, David and Solomon truly had many wives and
coneubines, which thing was abominable before me, saith the
Lord, wherefore, thus saith the Lord, 1 have led this people
forth out of the land of Jerusalem, by the power of mine atm,
that I toight raise up unto me a righteous branch from the fruit
of the loins of Joseph. Wherefore, [, the Lord God, will uot
suffer that this people shall do like unto them of old.' Where-
fore, my brethren, hear me, and heurken to the word of the
Lord: For there shall not any man among you have save it be
one wife: and concubines lie shall have none: For I, the Lord
God, detighteth in the chastity of women. And whoredoms
are an abomination before me: thus saith the Lord of hosts—
‘Wherefore, this people shall keep iny commandinents, saith the
Lord of hosts, or cursed be the land for their sakes. For if I
will, saith the Lord of hosts, raise up seed unto me, I will com-
maid my people: otherwise, they shall hearken unto these
things. “For behold, I, the Lord, have seen the sorrow, and
heard the mourning of ‘the daughters of my people in the land
of Jerusalem; yea, and in all the lands of my people, because
of tho wickedriess and abominations of their husbands. And i
‘will not suffer, saith the Lord of hosts, that the cries of the fair
danghters of this people, which I have led ont of the land of
Jerusalem, shall come up unto me, against the men of my peo-
ple, saith the Lord of hosts; for they shall not lead away cap-
tive, the daughters of my people, because of their tenderness,
save I shall visit them with a sore enrse, even unto destruction;
for they shall not commit whoredoms, like unto them of old,
saith the Lord of hosts.

7. And now beiold, my brethren, ye know that these com-
mandmeuts were given to our father Lehi; wherefore, ye have
known them before; and ye have come unto great condemna-
tion: for ve have done these things, which ye ought not to have
done. Behold, ye have done greater iniquities than the Laman-
ites, onr brethren. Ye have broken the hearts of your tender
wives, and lost tho confidence of your children, because of your
Dud examples before them; and the sobbings of their hearts
ascend up to God against you. And because of the strictness
of the word of God, which cometh down against you, many
hearts died, pierced with deep wounds.

8, But behold, I, Jacob would speak unto you that are pure
