118 BOOK OF JACOB. [cHap. xxx.

the slumber of death; and loose yourselves from the pains of
hell, that ye may not become angels to the devil, to be caat into
that lake of fire and brimstone, witich is the second death.
‘And now I, Jacob, spake many more things unto the people of
Nephi, warning them ayainat fornication, and lasciviousness,
and every kind of sin, telling them the awful consequences of
them; ad a hnadredth part of the proceedings of this people.
which now began to be numerous, cannot be written upon these
plates; but many of their proceedings are written upon the
Larger’ plates, and their wars, aud their contentions, and the:
reigns of their kings. ‘These plates are called the plates of
Jacob; and they were mide by the hand of Nephi, And I
make and end of speaking these words.

CHAPTER 11.

1. Now behold, it came to pass, that I, Jacob, having min-
istered much unto my people, in word, (and I ‘cannot write
but litte of my words, because of the difficulty of engraving
‘our words upon plates), and we know that the things which we
write upon plates, must romain; but whatsoever things we
‘write upon any thing save it be upon plates, must perish and
vanish away; but we can write a few words upon plates, which
will give our children, wnd also our beloved brethren, # simall
degree of knowledge concerning us, or concerning their fathers.
Now in this thing we do rejoice; and we labor diligently to
engraven these words upon plates, hoping that our beloved
brethren, and our children, will receive them with thaukful
hearts, and look upon them, that they muy learn with joy,
and not with sorrow, neither with contempt concerning their
frst parents: for, for this intent lave we written those things,
that they may Kuow that we knew of Christ, and we had a
hope of his glory, many hundred years before his coming, and
not only we, ourselves, bud a hope of his glory, but also all
the holy prophets which werd beforo us.

2. Behold, they believed in Christ, and worshipped the
Father in his uame; and also, we worship thé Father in his
naine, And for this intent, wo keep the law of Moses, it
pointing our souls to him; and for this cause, it is sanetified
unto us, for righteousness, even as it was accounted unto Abra-
ham in the wiklemness, to be obedient unto the commands of
God, in offering up his son Isaac, which is a similitude of God.
and his only begotten Son. Wherefore we search the proph-

 
