‘CHAP. 111.) BOOK OF JACOB. 121

thereof: and these which I have plucked off, I will cast into
the fire, and vuru them, that they may uot cumber the ground
of my vineyard.

8. And it came to pass that the servant of the Lord of the
vineyard, did according to the word of the Lord of the vineyard,
und grafted in the branches of the wild olive tree. And the
Lord of the vineyard caused that it should be digged about, ail
pruned, and nourished, saying unto his eervant, It grieveth mo
that I should lose this tree; wherefore, that perhaps 1 might
preserve the roots thereof that, they perish not that 1 mig
Preserve them unto myself I have done this thing. Wherefore,
go thy way; watch the tree, aud nourish it, according to my.
words. And these will I place in the nethermost part of ny
vineyard, whithersoever I will, it matteretl: not mito thee: and
I doit, that I may preserve unto inyself the natural brauches
of the’ tree; and also, that I may lay up fruit thereof, against
the season, unto myself: for it grieveth me that J should lose
this tree, aini the fruit thereof,

9. And it came to pass that the Lord of the vineyard went
his way, and bid the natural branches of the tame olive tree in
the nethermost parts of the vineyard; some in one, and some in
another, according to his will iad pleasure. And it came to
pass that a long time passed away, aud the Lord of the vineyard
aaid unto his servant, Come, let us go down into the vineyard,
that we may labor in the vineyard.

10. And it came to pags that the Lord of the vineyard, and
also the servant, went,down into the vineyard to labor. “And
it came to pass that the servant said unto his master, Behold,
look here; behold the tree. And it came to pass that the Lord
of the vineyard looked and beheld the tree, in the which the
wild olive branches had been gratted; and it had sprang forth,
and bogan to bear fruit. And he belield that it was ood: and
the fruit thereor was like unto the natural fruit. Aud he said
unto the servant, Behold, the brauches of the wikl tree hath
taken hold of the moisture of the root thereof, that the root
thereof hath brought forth much strength; and because of the
much strength of the root thereof, the wild brauches have
brought forth tame fruit: now, if we had not grafted in these
branches, the tee thereof would have perished. Aud now,
behold, [shall lay up much fruit, which the tree thereof hack
brought forth; aud the fruit thereof I shall lay up. against the
season, nnto mine own self.

11, And it came to pass that the Lord of the vineyard said
unto the servant, Come, lot us go to the nethermost part of the
‘vineyard, and behold if the natural branches of the tree hath

 

 

  

 
