124 BUOK OF Javon. [ouar.

brought forth good fruit, even that the branch had withered
away and died.

21. And it came to pass that the Lord of the vineyard wept.
and said unto the servant, What could I have dove more for
my vineyard? Behold, 1 knew that all the fruit of the vineyard,
save it were these, lad become corrupted. And uuw, these
which have one Urought forth good frnic, have also become
cormpted. And now, all the wees of my vineyard are good for
nothing, save it be to be hewn down and cast into the fire,
And heliold, this last, whose branch hath withered away, I did
plant ina good spot of ground; yeu, even that which was
choive auto me, above all other parts of the laud of my viue-
yurd. And thou behellest that I also cut down that which
‘eumbered this spot of ground, that 1 might plunt this tree in the
steal thereof, And thou bebeldest that a part thereof, brought
forth good fruit; and a part thereof. brought forth wild truit,
And because that I plucked not the branclies thereof, and cast
them into the fire, Lelioid, they lave overcome the good branch,
that it hath withered away. “And uow belioid, notwithstanding
all the care which we lave taken of my vineyard, the trees
thereof have become corrupted, that they bring forth no good
fruit: and these 1 had hoped to preserve, to have laid up fruit
thereof, against the season, nny tine own self, But behold,
they have become like unto the wild olive tree; and they are
of no worth, but to be hewn down and cast into the fire! and
it grieveth me that T should lose them. But what could [
have done nore in my vineyard? Mave I ylackenod mine
hand. that I have uot uourished iv? Nay; 1 have nourished it,
and I have digged about it, aud T have pruned it, aud T have
dunged it; and [ have stretelied forth mine hand almost all the
day long: and the end draweth nigh. And it grieveth me that
Tshonld hew down all the trees of my vineyurd, and cast them
into the fire, that they slould be bumed, Who is it that has
corrupted iny vineyard?

22. Aud it caine to ass that the servant sid unto his master,
Js i wot tie loftiness of thy vineyard? Have not the branches
thereof overcome the rents. which are good? And because
the branches have overcome the roots thereof, bchold. they
grew fuster than the strength of the roots taking strength unto
theniselves. Behold. 1 say, fs not this the cause that the trees
of thy vineyard have become corrupted?

23. And it came to puss that the Lord of the vineyard said
unto the servant, Let ns go to, and lew down the trees of the
vineyarii, and cast them into the fire. that they shall not eumber
the ground of ny vineyard: for [have done all; what could £

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
