cuar.1.] BOOK OF OMNI, 135

to till the ground, and weapons of war; yea, the sharp pointed
arrow, and the quiver, and the dart, and the javelin, and all
preparations for war; and thus being prepared to meet the
Lamanites, they did not prosper against us.. But the word
of the Lord was veritied, which he spake unto our fathers,
saying, That inasmuch as ye will keep my commandments,
ye shall prosper in the land.

5. And it came to pass that the prophets of the Lord did
threaten the people of Nephi, according to the word of God,
that if they did not keep the commandments, but showid fall
into transgression, they should be destroyed from off the face
of the land; wherefore, the prophets, and the priests, and the
teachers, did labor diligently, exhorting with all long suffering,
the people to diligence; teaching the law of Moses, and the
intent for which it was given; persuading them to look forward
unto the Messiah, ang believe in him to come, as though he
already wos. And after this manner did they teach them. And
it came to pasa, that by so doing they kept them from being
destroyed upon the face of the land: for they did prick their
hearts with the word, continually stirring them up unto repent-
ance.

6. And it came to pass that two hundred and thirty and eight
years had passed away, after the manner of wars, and conten-
tions, and dissensions, for the space of much of the time. And
1, Jarom, do not write more, for the plates ure small. But
vehold, my brethren. ye can go to the other plates of Nephi:
for behold, upon them the record of our wars are engraven,
according to the writings of the kings, or those which they
caused to be written. And 1 deliver these plates into the
hands of my son Omni, that they may be kept according to the
commandments of my fathers.

od

THE BOOK OF OMNI,

CHAPTER 1."

1, BEHOLD, it came to pass that I, Omni, being commanded
by my father Jarom, that I should write somewhat upon these
plates, to preserve our genealogy; wherefore, in my days, I
would that ye should know that T fought mych with the sword,
to preserve my people, the Nephites, from falling into the hands
