owap. 1.] BOOK OF OMNI. 137

‘And it came to pass that he did according as the Lord had com-
manded him. And they departed ou! of the land into the
wilderness, as many a8 would hearken unto the voice of she
Lord; and hey were led by many preachings and prophesyings,
And they were admonished continually by the word of God
and they were led by the power of his arm, through the x
derness, until they came down into the land which is called the
land of Zarahemla. And they discovered a people, who were
called the people of Zarahemla. Now, there was great rejo
among the people of Zurahemla; and also, Zaraherila did rejuice
exceedingly, because the Lord had sent the people of Mosiah
with the plates of brass which contained the record of the Jews,

7, Behold, it came to pass that Mosiah discovered that the
people of Zarahemla, came out from Jerusalem, at the tine that
Zedekiah, king of Judah, was carried away captive into Babylon,
And they journeyed in the wildurness, and were brought by the
hand of tie Lord, across the great waters, into the land where
Mosiah discovered them; and they had dwelt there from that
time forth. And at the time that Mosial discovered them, they
had become exceeding numerous. Nevertheless, they had had
many wars and serious contentions, und liad fallen by the sword
from time to time; and their language had become corrupted;
and they had brought no records with them: and they denied
the being of their Creator; and Mosial, nor the people of
Mosiah, could understand them.

8. But it came to pass that Mosiah caused that dey should
be taught in his language, And it came to pass that after they
were taught in the language of Mosiah, Zaraherta gave a gene-
alogy of his futhers, according to lus memory; and they are
written, but not in these plates.

9. And it came to pass that the people of Zarshemla, and of
Mosiah, did unite togetter; and Mosiali was appointed to be
their king. And it came to pass in the days of Mosiab, there
was a large stone brought unto him, with engravings on it; and
he did interpret the engravings, by the gift aud power of God,

10, And they gave an account of oue Coriantume, and the
slain of his people. And Coriantumr was diggovered by the
people of Zaralemla; and he dwelt with themn'for the space uf
nine moons. Tt also spake a few words concerning his tathers.
And his first parents cane out from the tower. at the time the
Lord confounded the language of the people; and the severity
of the Lord fell upon them, according to his judgments, which
are just: and their bones lay scattered in the land northward.

11. Behold, 1, Amaleki, was born in the days of Mosiah; and
Thave lived to see his death; and Benjamin, his son, reigneth

 

  
 

  

 
