142 BOOK OF MOSIAH. [cuap. 1.

son, I would that ye should make a prockimation throughout all
this land, among all this people, or the people of Zarahemla,
and the people of Mosiah, who dwell in the land, that thereby
they may be gathered together; for on the morrow, I shall pro-
claim unto thie my people, out of mine own mouth, that thou
arta king, and a ruler over this people, whom the Lord our
God lath given us. And moreover, I siiall give this people a
tuine, that thereby they may be distinguished above all the
people which the Lord God hth brought ont of the land of
Jerusalem; and this T do, because they have been a diligent
people in Keeping the commandments of the Lord. And I give
unto then a name, that never shall be blotted out, except it be
through transgression. Yea, and moreover I say unto yon, that
if this highly favored people of the Lord should fall into trans-
gression, and become a wicked and an adniterous people, that
the Lord will deliver them up, that thereby they become weal,
Tike unto their brethren; and’ he will no more preserve them,
by his matchless and marvelous power, as he has hitherto pre--
served our fathers. For I say unto you, that if he had not ex-
tended his arm in the preservation of ‘our fathers, they must
have falien into the hands of the Lamanites, and become victims
to their hatred.

3. And it came to pass that after king Benjamin had made an
end of these sayings to his gon, that he gave him charge con-
cerning all the affaire of the kingdom. And morcover, he also
gave him charge concerning the records which were engraven
on the plates of brass; and also, the plates of Nephi; and also,
the sword of Laban, and the ball or director, which led our
fathers through the wilderness, which was prepared by the
band of the Lord, that thereby they might be led. every one
according to the heed and diligenee which they gave unto him,
Therefore, as they were unfaithful, they did not prosper nor
progress in their journey, but were driven back. and incurred
the displeasure of God ‘upon thom; and therefore, they were
smitten with famine and sore affiictiona, to stir thei up in
remembrance of their duty.

4. And now, it came to pass that Mosiah went and did as his
father had commanded him, and proclaimed unto all. the people
Who were in the land of Zarahemla, that thereby they might
gather themselves together, to go up to the temple, to hear the
words which his father should speak unto them.

5. And it came to pass that aler Mosiah had dono as his
father liad commanded him, and had made a proclamation
thronghont all the land, that the people gathered themselves
together throughout all the land, that they might go up to the

 

 
