car. m1.) BOOK OF MOSIAH. 153

spoken unto us, that has brought us to this great knowledge,
whereby we do rejoice with such exceeding great joy; aud we
are willing to enter into « covenant with our God, to do his
will, and to be obedient to his comnmsndments in all things that
he shall command us, all the remainder of our days, that wo
inay not bring upon ourselves 4 never ending torment, as las
been spoken by the angel, that we inay not drink out of the cnp
of the wrath of God.

2, And now, these are the words which king Benjamin
desired of them; and therefore lie said nnto them, Ye have
spoken the words that I desired; aud the covenant which ye
lave wade, ig 4 righteous covenant, And now, because of the
covenant which ye have made, ye shall be ealied the children
of Chirist, his sons, aud his daughters: for behold, this day he
hath spiritually begotten you; for ye-say that your learts are
changed through faith on his naue; therefore, ye are born of
him, aud have become his sous and his daughters, And under
this head ye are made frev; und there is no other head whereby
ye can be made free. There ix no other name given, whereby
salvation cometh; therefore, 1 would that ye should take upoa
you thy name of Christ, ull you that Lave entered futo the cove-
haut with God, thut ye sliowid be obedient unto the end of your
ives, Aud it shall come to pass tat whosoever doeth this,
shail be (ound at the right hand of God, for he shall know the
naine by which he is ealled; for he shali be eulled by the name
of Clirist.

 

 

 

 

 

3, And now, it shall come to pass that whosoever sliill not
take upon them the name of Christ, must be called by some
otlier name; therefore, he findeth himself on the left hund of
God. And'T would that yo should remember also, that this is
the name that Taaid I should give unto you, that never should
be blotted out, except it be through tranygression: therefore,
take heed that ye do uot tranggress, that the name be not
blotted out of your hearts, T say unto you, I woud tat ye
should remember to retain the name written always in your
hearts, that ye are not found on the left hand of God, but
Wat ye hear and know the voiee by whieh ye shall he
called, and also, the name by which he shall call you: for,
how knoweth « man the master whom he has not served, aud
who is a stranger unto him. and is far from the thoughts and
intents of his heart? And aguin:; Doth a man take an ase
which helongeth to his neighbor, and keep him? I say unto
you, Nay; he will uot even suffer that he shail feed among is

 

 

 
