BOOK OF MOSIAH. 155

 

cnar.

CHAPTER V.

1, AND now, it came to pass that after king Mosiah had had
continual peace, for the space of three years, he was desirous
to know concerning the people who went up to dwell in the
laud of Lehi-Nephi, or in the city of Lehi-Nephi: for his people
hud Heard nothing from tein, trom the time they left the land
of Zarahiemla; therefore, they wearied him with their teasings.

 

 

2. And it came to pass that king Mosiah granted that sixteen
of their strong men inight go up to the land of Lelii-Nephi, to
inquire concerning their brethren. And it came to pass that
on the morrow, they started to go up. having with them one
Ammon, he being a strong and mighty man, and a descendant
of Zarutiemnla; and he was also their leader. And now, they
knew not the course they should travel in the wilderness, to go
up to the land of Lehi-Nephi; therefore, they waudered many
days in the wilderness, even forty days did they wander. And
wlien they had wandered forty days, they came to a hill, which
is north of the lund of Shilom, and there they pitched their
tents. And Ammon took three of his brethren, and their names
were Atmuleki, Helem, and Hem, and they went down into the
land of Nepi; and behold, they met the king of the people,
who was in the land of Nephi, and in the land of Shilom; and
they were surrounded by the king's guard, and were taken, and
were bound, and were committed to prison. And it came to
pass when they had been in prison two days, they were again
‘brought before the king, and their bands were loosed; and they
stood before the king, and were permitted, or rather command-
ed that they should answer the questions which he should ask
them. And he said unto them, Behold I an Limhi, the son of
Noah, who was the son of Zeniff, who came up out of the land
of Zatahemla to inherit this land, which was the land of their
fathers, who was inade a king by the voice of the people. And
now, desire to know the cause whereby ye were so bold as
to come near the walls of the city, when I, myself, was with
my guards, without the gate? And now, for this cause have I
suffered that ye should be preserved, that I might inquire of
you, or else T should have cansed that my guards should have
put you to death. Ye are permitted to speak,

. 3, And now, when Ammon saw that he was permitted to
Speak, he went forth and howed himself before the king; and -
rising again he satd O king, I am very thankful before’ God
this day, that Iam yot alive, and am permitted to speak; and I
will endeavor to speak with boldness; for I ain assured ‘that if

 

 
