158 BOOK OF MOSIAH. [onar. v.

eth immediate destruction, And now, behold, the promise of
the Lord is fulfilled; and ye are smitten, and afficted. But it
ye will turn to the Lord with full purpose of heart, and put your
trnst in him, and serve him with all diligence of mind; if ye do
this, he will, according to his own will and pleasure, deliver
you out of bondage.

8, And it came to pass that after king Limbi had made an
end of speaking to his people, for he spake many things unto
them, and only a few of them have I written in this book, he
told his people all the things concerning their brethren who
wero in the land of Zarahemla; and he caused that Ammon
ehould stand up before the multitude, and rehearse unto them
ail that had happened unto their brethren, from the time that
Zevitf went up out of the land, even until the time that he him-
self came up out of the land. “And he also rehearsed unto them
the last words which king Benjamin had taught them, and ex-
plained them to the people of king Limhi, so that they might
understand all the words which he spake. And it came to pass
that after he had done all this, thet king Limbi dismissed the
multitude, and caused that they should return, every one unto
hig own house.

9. And it came to pass that he caused that the plates which
contained the record of his people, from the time that they left
the land of Zarahemla, should be brought before Ammon, that
he might read them. “Now, as soon as Ammon had read the
record, the king inquired of him to know if he could interpret
Isnguages. And Ammon told him that he could not. And the
King said unto him, Being grieved for the afflictions of my
people, I caused that forty and three of my people should take
4 journey into the wildernoss, that thereby they might find the
land of Zarahemla; that we wight appeal unto our brethren to
deliver us ont of bondage; and they were lost in the wilderness,
for the space of many days, yet they were diligent, and found
not the land of Zarahemia, but returned to this land, having
traveled in a land among many waters; haying discovered @
lind which was covered with bones of men, and of beasts, &¢.
and was ulso covered with ruins of buildings of every kind: hat
ing diseovered a land which had been peopled with a people
who were as numerous as the hosts of Israel. And for a testi-
mony that the things that they have said are true, they have
brought twenty-four plates, which are filled with engravings;
and they ave of pure gold. ‘And behold, also, they havo brought
Dreast-plates, which are large; and they are of brave, and of
copper, and ara perfectly sound. And again, they have brought
swords, the hilta thereof have perished, and the blades thereof

 

 

 
