160 BOOK OF MOSIAH. (omar. wi.
CHAPTER VI.

‘Tae Reconn oF Zexirr.—An account of his people, from the time
they left the land of Zarahemla, until the time that they were
delivered out of the hands of the Lamanites.

1, I, Zentrr, having been taught in all the language of the
Nephites, snd having had a knowledge of the land of Nephi, or
of che and of our fathers’ first inheritance, and having been seut
asa spy atnong the Lamanites, that I might spy out their forees,
that our anny might come upon them and destroy them; but
when I sav that which was good among theto, T was desirous
that they should not be destroyed; therefore, I contended with
my brethren in the wilderness: for I would that our ruler should
make a treaty with them. But he being an austere aud a blood-
thirsty man, commanded thut I should be slain; but [ was res-
cued by the shedding of much blood: for father fought against
father, and brother against brother, until ube greatest number
of one army was destroyed in the wilderness; and we returned,
those of us that were spared, to the Lind of Zarahemla, to relate
that tale to their wives, and their children. And yet, I being
over zealous to inherit the land of our fathers, collected as
many as were desirous to xo up to possess the land, and started
aguin on our journey into the wilderness, to go up to the land;
but we were smitten with Gunine and sore afflictions; for wo
were slow to remember the Lord our God. Nevertheless, alter
mauy days’ wandering in the wilderness, we pitched our tenta
in the place where our brethren were slain, which was near to
the land of our fathers.

2. And it came to pass that T went aguin with four of my
men, into the vity, in unto the king, that I might know of the
disposition of the king; and that I might know if I might go in
with my people, and possess the land in peace. And I went in
unto the king, and he covenanted with me, that T might possess
the land of Lehi-Nephi. and the land of Shilom, And Le also
‘commanded that Lis people should depart out of the land, and I
aud my people went into the land, that we might possess it
And we began to build buildings, and "repair the walls of the
yea, even the walls of the city of Leli-Nephi, and the city
of Shilom, And we bean to tiil the ground. yea, even with
all manner of seeds, with seeds of corn, and of wheat. and of
barley, and with neas, aud with sheum, and with seeds of all
manner of fruits; and 'we did begin to multiply and prosper in
the land. Now, it was the cunning and the eraftiness of king

 

 

 

      
