162 BOOK OF MOSIAH. [cuar. vi.

Lamanites might not come upon us again unawares, and destroy
us; aud thus [did guard my people, and my flocks, and keep
them from falling into the hands of our enemies,

1, Aud it caine to pass that we did inherit the land of our
fathers, for «any yeurs; yeu, for the space of twenty and two
yeurs, \ And I did cause that the meu should till the ground, and
Taise all manner of grain, and all manuer of fruit, of every kind
And [ did cange that the women should spin, aud toil, and
work; and work all manner of fine linen; yea, and cloth of
every kind, that we might clothe our nakedaess; and thus we
did prosper in the land; thus we did have continual peace in
the land, for the space of twenty and two yeurs.

8. And it came to pws that king Laman died, and his son
began to reign in his stead. And he began to stir hiy people
up in a rebellion against my people; therefore, they began to
prepare for war, and to come up to battle against my people.
But I had sent my spies out round about the land of Shemlon,
that I might diseover their preparations, that I might guard
against them, that they might not come upou my people and
destroy them,

9. And it eanye to pass that they came up upon the north of
the land of Shilom, with Une numerous hosts, wen armed with
bows, and with arrows, and with swords, and with cimeters,
and with stones, and with slings; and they had their heads
shaved, that they were naked; and they were girded with »
Jeathern girdle about their loins,

10, And it came to pass that I caused that the women and
children of my people should be hid in the wilderness; and 1
also caused that all my old men that could bear urms, and also
all my young men that were able to bear arms, should gather
themselves together, to go to battle against the Lamanives; and
T did place them in their ranks, every man according to his age.

IL. And it came to pass that we did go up to battle against
the Lamanites. And I, even I, in my old age, did yo up to
battle against the Lamanites. And it came to pass that we did
g0 up in the strength of the Lord, to battle.

12, Now, the Lamanites knew’ nothing concerning the Lond,
nor the strength of the Lord; therefore they depended upon
their own strength. Yet they were a strong people, as to the
strength of men; they were a wild, and ferocious, and a blood-
thirsty people, believing in the tradition of their fathers, which
is this: Believing that they were driven out of the land of
Jerusalem, because of the iniquities of their fathers, and that
they were wronged in the wilderness by their brethren; and
they were also wronged, while crossing the sea, And again:

 

 

 
