164 BOOK OF MOSIAH. [enar. vu.

wives and concnbines. And did cause his people to commit
sin, and do that which was abominable in the sight of the Lord,
Yea, and they did commit whoredoms, and all manner of
wickedness, “And he laid tax of one-fifth part of all they pos-
sessed; a fifth part of their gold and of their silver, and a fifth
part of their ziff, and of their copper, aud of their brass and
thei and a fifth part of their fatlings; and alvo, a fifth part
of ali their grain. And all this did he take, to support himself,
and his wives, and his concubines, and also, his priests, and
their wives, and their concubines: thus he had changed the
affairs of the kingdom. For he put down all the priests that
had been consecrated by his father, and consecrated new ones
in their stead, such ug wero lifted up in the pride of their
hearts. You, und thus they were supported in their laziness,
‘and in their’ idolatry, and in their whoredoms, by the taxes
which king Noah had put upon his people; thus did the people
Inbor exceedingly, to support iniquity. Yew, and they also
became idolatrous, because they were deceived by the vain aud
flattering words of the king aud priests: for they did speak
Slattering things unto them.
it came to pass that king Nouh built many elegant
jous buildings; and he ornamented them with fine
work of wood, and of all manner of precious things, of gold, and
. and of iron, and of brass, aud of ziff, and of coppers and
he also ‘built him a spacious palace, and a throne in the midst
thereof. all of which was of fine wood, and was ornamented
with gold, und silver, and with precious’ things. And he also
caused that his workmen should work all manner of fine work
within the walls of the temple, of fine wood, and of copper, and
of brass; und the seats which were set apart for the high priesta,
which were above all the other geuts, lie did ornament with
pure gould: and he caused @ breastwork to be built before them,
that they might rest their bodies aud their arms upon, while
they should speak lying and vain words to his people.

3. And iteame w pass that he built a tower near the temple;
yea, a very high tower, even so high that he could stand upon
the top thereof and overlook the land of Shilom, and also the
lund of Shemlon, which was possessed by the Lamanites; and
he could even look over all the land round about.

4. Aud it came to pass that he caused many buildings to be
built in the land Shilom: and he caused a groat tower to be
built on the hill north of the land Shilom, which had been a
resort for the children of Nephi, at the time they fied out of the
Jand) and thus he did do with the riches which be obtained by
the taxation of his people,

 

    

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 
