172 BOOK OF MOSIAH. (omar. vin.

5, And now Abinadi suid unto them, I would that ye should
understond that God himself shall eome down among the chil-
dren of men, and shall redeem his people; and because he dwell-
uh in Nesh, he shall be calied the Son of God: and having sub-
jected the Hlesh to the will of the Father, being the Father and
the Son; the Father because he was conceived by the power
; and the Son, beeanse of the flesh: thus becoming the
"thor and Son; and they are one God. yea, the very eter!
Facier of heaven and of” earth; and thus the tlesh becoming
suhj-et to the Spirit, or the Son to the Father, heing one Go,
snereth temptation, and vieldeth not to the temptation, but
suffercth himself to be mocked, and sconrged, aud cast out. sued
disowned by his people. And ufter all this. after working wany
mighty miracles among the children of men, he shall he led,
yea. even as Isaiah said, ay a sheep before the shearer is dum,
0 he opened not his mouth: yea, even so le shall he led,
crucitied and slain, the flesh becoming subject even unto death,
the will of the Son being swallowed up in the will of the Father;
and tus God breaketh the bands of death: Inving gained the
victory over death; giving the Son power to make intercession
for the chiliren of meu: having ascended into heaven: having
the bawels of merey: being tilled with compassion towards the
children of men; standing hetwixt them and justice; having
broken the bands of death, taken upon himself their iniquity
anf their Uauszressions: having redeemed them, and satistied
the demands of justice Ant now [say unto you, who shall
declare his eneration?  Beiold, [say unto you, that when bis
sont has hen male an offermy fr sin, he Shall see his: seed.
Atul now wistt say yo? And who shall be his seed? Behold,
Tsay unto sou, that whosoever has heard the words of tke
prophets, yéa, all the holy prophets who have prophesied con-
cerning the coming of the Lord: [say unto you, that all those
who lave hearkened unto their words, and believed that the
Lond would redeem his people. and have looked forward to that
day for a reniission of their sins: Tsay unto you, that these ara
his seed, or they ure heirs of the kingdom of God: for these are
they whose sing he has borne; those are they for whom lie has
vel, to redocin thein trom their trasgressions, And now, nro.
they not his seed? Yea, and are not the propliets, every’ one
that has openct Lis wouth to prophesy. that has not fallen into
transgressions: 1 mean all the holy prophets ever since the
world began? I suy unto you that they are hisseed; and these
are they who lave published peace, who Ive hreusht good.
tidings of good, who have published salvation; and said unto
Zion, thy God reigneth! And O how beautitul upon the mount-

 

 

 
  

 

  
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

   

 

  

 

  

 

    

   
 

 

      
