cnar. 1x] BOOK OF MOSIAH. 115

devil, who hath subjected them, whieh is damnation: having
gone aecording to their owa carnal wills and desires; having
never called upon the Lord while the wrms of morey were
extended towards them; for the arms of merey were extended
towards them, and they would not; they being warned of their
iniquities, and yet they would not depart from them; and they
were communded to repent, and yet they would not repent.
And now had ye not ought to trenible and repent of your sins,
and remember only in and through Christ ye can be saved?
‘Therefore, if ye teach the law of Moses, als teuch that it is a
shadow of those things which are to come; teach them that
redemption cometh through Christ the Lord, who is the very
eternal Father. Amen.

CHAPTER IX.

1. Ap now it came to pass that when Abinadi had finished
these sayings, that the king commanded that the priests should
+ take hima and cause that he should be put to death. But there
Was one among them, whose name was Alma, he also being a
descondant of Nephi. ‘And he was a young man, and he believed
the words which Abinadi had spoken, for he knew concerning
the iniquity which Abinadi had testified against them; Therefore
he begun to plead with the king that he would not be angry
with Abadi, but suffer that he might depart in peace. But
the king was more wroth, anil caused that Alma should be cast
out from among the.n, and sent his servants after hii, that they
migh’ slyy hin. But ho fled from before them, and hid himself,
that they forind him not, And he, being eonceaied for many
days, did write all the words which Abinadi hati spoken.

2." And it came to pass that the king caused that his guards
should surround Abiaadi, and take him; and they bound him
and cast him into prion. And after throe days, having coun-
selled with his priests, he caused that he should again be
brouzht bofore him. Aud he said unto him, Abinadi, we have
found an accusation acaiast thee, and thou art worthy of death,
For thou hast said that God himself should come down among
the children of men; and now for this eunse thou shalt be put
to death, unless thou wilt reeull all the words whieh thon hast
spoken evil concerning me and my people.

3. Now Abinadi said unto him: I say unto you, T will not
Teeall the words which I have spoken unto you concerning this
people, for they are true and that yo may Know of their surety,

 

   

 

 
