‘BAP. Ix,] BOOK OF MOSIAH. lit

and Alma resorted thither, there being ucar the water a thicket
of sinail trees, wuere he did hide himself in the day tine. from
the searches of the king. And it caine to puss that as many as
believed him, went thither to hear his words, Aud it eume to
pass after many days, there were a goodly number gathered
together to the place of Mormon, to lear the words of Alina,
Yea, all were gastiored together that believed on his word. ty
near him, And he did teach them, and did preach unts tiem
repentance, und redemption, and faith on the Lord.

4, And it came to pass that he said unto thew, Behold, here
are tie waters of Mormon; for thus were they called.” And
now, as ye are desirous to come into the fold of God. and to bo
called his peopie, and are willing to bear one another's burdens,
that they may be light: yea, and ure willing to mourn with
those that mourn: yea, and comfort those that stand in need of
comfort, and to stand as witnesses of God at all times, and in
all things, and mn all places that ve may be in, even until death,
that ye may be redecined of God, and be numbered with those
of the first resurrection, that ye may have eternal life, Now I
aay unty you, if this be the desire of your hearts, what have you
against being baptized in the name of the Lord, us a wituess
before him that ye have entered into a covenant with him that
ye will serve him and keep htis commandments? that he may
pour ont his Spirit more abundantly upon you. And now
when the people had iteard these words, they clapped their
hands for joy, and exclaimed, This is the desire of our hearts,
£ And now it came to pass that Alma took Hela, he being

of the first, aud went and stood forth in the water, and
cried, saying, O Lord, pour out thy Spirit upon thy servant, that
he may do this work with holiness of heart. And wien he had
said these words, the Spirit of the Lord was upon him, and he
said, Helam, I baptize theo, having authority from the Almighty
God, a3 testimony that ye have entered into a covenant to
erve hitm until you are dead, as to the mortal body; and may
the Spirit of the Lord be poured out upon you: and may he
xrant unto you eternal life, through the redemption of Chieist,
whom he has prepared from the foundation of the world. And
iter Alma had said these words, both Alma and Helam were
baried in the water; and they aroxe and caine forth out of the
water rejoicing, being filled with the Spirit, And again, Alma
took another, and went forth a secoud time into the water, and
baptized hiin according to the first, only he did not bury himself
again in the water. And after this manner he did baptize every
one that went forth to tle place of Mormon: and they were in
number about two hundred aud four souls; yea, and they were)

 

 
