cuar. 1x.] BOOK OF MOSIAH. 185,

but that they were his brethren, and had come from the land
of Zarahemla, he was filled with exceeding great joy. Now
king Limhi had sent, previous to the coming of Amunion, a aimall
number of men to search for the land of Zarahemla; but they
could not find it, and they were lost in the wilderness. Never-
theless they did tind a land which had been peopled; yea, a
laud which’ was covered with dry bones; yea,a band which had
deen peopled, aud which had been destroyed; and they having
supposed it to he the land of Zarahemla, returned to the land
‘of Nephi. haying arrived in the borders of the laud not many
days before the coming of Anmou. Aud they brought a record
with them, even a record of the people whose boues they had
found: and they were engraven on plates of ore. And now
Limhi was again filled with joy, on learning from the mouth of
‘Aion that king Mosiah had a gift from God, whereby ho
could interpret such engravings; yea, and Ammon also did
rejoice. Yet Ammon and his brethren were filled with sorrow,
deccuise 80 many of their brethren lad been slain; and also that
king Noah and his priests lad eaused the people to commit so
many sins and iniquities against God: and they also did mourn
for the death of Abinadi; and ulso for the departure of Alma,
and_the people that went with him, who had formed a churelt
of God through the strength and power of God, and faith on
the words which had been spoken by Abinadi; yeu, they did
mourn for their departure, for they knew not whither they had
fied. Now they would have gladly joined with them, for they
themselves had entered into a covenant with God, to serve him,
and keep his commandments. And now since the coming of
Ainmon. king Limbi had also entered into a covenant with God,
and also many of his people, to serve iin, and keep Ins com:
mandments.
27. And it came to pass that king Limhi and many of his
people were desirous to be buptized; Hut there was none in the
that had authority from God. And Ammon declined doing
this thing. considering himself an unworthy servant; therefore
they did not at that time form themselves inwo a chnreh, waiting
upon the Spirit of the Lord. Now they were desirous to
become even as Alma and his brethren, who lad fled into the
wilderness. They were desirous to be baptized, as a witness
and a testimony that they were willing to serve God with all
their hearts; nevertheless they did prolong the time; and an
account of their baptism shall be given hereafter. And now
all the etndy of Ammon and his people, and king Limhi and his
People, was to deliver thenselves out of the hands of the
nites and from bondage.

  

 

 

 
