188 BOOK OF MOSIAH. [enar. xt

hear my cries, and did answer my prayers, and ims made ne an
instrument in his lands, in bringing so many of you to a knowl-
edge of his truth. Nevertheless, in this I do not ylory, for 1 am
unworthy to glory of myself. ‘And now I say uuto you, ye
have been oppressed by king Noah, and have heen in bondage
to him and his priests, and have been brought into iniquity by
thein; therefore ye were bound with the bands of iniquity.
2. And now as ye have beeu delivered, by the power of God,
Lof these bonds: yeu, even out of the lands of kiug Noah and
is people, and also from the bonds of iniquity, even so I desire
that ye should stand fast in this liberty wherewith ye have been
made free, ant that ye trust no man to be a king over you: and
also trusting no one to be your teacher nor your minister,
except he be a man of God, walking in his ways and keepinsg
his commandments. Thus did Alma teach his people. that
every man should love his ueighbor as‘himselt; that there
shonld be no contention among them. And now Ahna was
their high priest, hic being the founder of their church. Aud it
came to pass that none received authority to preach or to teach,
except it were by him from God. Therefore he consecrated
all their priests, and all their teachers. and noue were couse
crated except they were just men. ‘Therefore they did wateh
over their people, and did nourish then with things pertaining
to righteousness. And it came to pass that they began to
prosper exceedingly in the hand: and they called the land
Hela, And it came to pass that they did multiply and prosper
exceedingly in the land of Helam; and they built city, which
they culled ile city of Helam. Nevertheless the Lord seeth St
to hasten bis people; yea, he trieth their patience and theie
faith — Nevertheless, whosoever, putteth bis trust in him, the
sate shall he Tifted ‘up at the lst day. Yeu, and thus it was
with this people, For behold, 1 will shew unto you that they
were brought iuto bondage, and none could deliver them but
the an) their God: yea, even the God of Abraluia aud Isuac,
aud of Jacob. And it came to pass Umt he did deliver then,
ail did shew forth his mighty power unto them, and great wero
their rej-ieitys
3, For behold. it came to past that while they were in the
luui of Helum, yeu, in the city of Helam, while tilling the latid
rowid about. hehold au army of the Lamanites were in the
borders of the land. Now it came to pass that the brethren of
‘Alnu fled from their ficlis, nd gathered themselves together
into Uie city of Helam: ant thoy were much frightened because
of the appearance of the Lamanites, But Alum went forth and.
stood uinonj: tiem, aud exhorted them that they should not he

   

  

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

  

   

 

   

 

 
