CHAP. x1.] BOOK OF MOSIAH. 193

that he might establish churches throughont all the land of
Zarauiemla; and gave him power to ordaitt priests and leachon
over every church. Now this was done because there were 40
many people that they could not all be governed by one trxuchor;
neither could they all hear the word of God in one assembly:
therefore they did assemble themselves togetiver in different
bodies, being called churches; every church laving Weir
priests and their teachers, and every priest preaching the
word according as it was delivered to him by the mouth of
Alma; and thus, notwithstanding there being many churclios
they were all one church; yea, even the church of God: for
there was nothing preached’ in all the churches except
it were repentance and faith in God. And now there were
seven churches in the land of Zarahemla. And it came to pass
that whosoever were desirous to take upon them the name
of Christ, or of God, they did join the churches of God; and
they were called the people of God. And the Lord did pour
out his Spirit upon them, and they were blessed, and prospered
in the land.

13, Now it came to pass that there were many of the rising
generation that could not understand the words of king Benja-
min, being little children at the time he spake unto his people:
and they did not believe the tradition of their fatiers. They
did not believe what had been said concerning tiie resurreetion
of the dead; neither did they believe concerning the comin of
Christ. And now because of their unbelief, they could not
understand the word of God; and their hearts were haniened.
And they would not be baptized; neither would they join the
ehureh. And they were a separate people as to thoir faith, and
remained so ever after, even in ticir carnal and sinful state; for
they would not call upon the Lord their God, And now in the
reizn of Mosial, they were not half so numerous as the people
of God; but because of tue dissensiona umong the brethren,
they became more numerous. For ft came to pass that they did
deceive many with their flattering words, whe were in the
church, and did cause them to commit mavy sins; therefore it
Vecame expedient that those who committed sin that were in
the churcli, should be administed by the chureh,

14, Aud’ it came to pass that they were brought before
the pricsta, and delivered up unto the priests by the teachers;
and the prieata bronght them before Alma, who was the high
priest. Now king Mosiah hd given Alma the authority over
the church. And it came to pass that Alma did not know con-
cerning thom, for there were many witnesses againat them; yea,
the people stood and testified of their iniquity in abundance.

  

   
  

 
