194 - BOOK OF MOSIAH. [cuar. x1.

Now there had not any such thing happened before, in the
church; therefore Alma was troubled in his spirit, and he
caused that they should be brought before the king. And he
said unto the king, Behold, here are many whom we have
brought before thee, who are accused of their brethren; yea,
and they have been taken in divers iniquities. Aud they do
not repent of theit iniquities; therefore we have brought therm
before thee, that thou uiayest judge them according to their
crimes. But king Mosial said unto Alma, Betiold, I judge them
uot; therefore [deliver them into thy hands to be judged.
And now the spirit of Alma was again troubled; and he went
and inquired of the Lord what he should do concerning this
mae for he feared that he should do wrong in the sight of
15. And it came to pass that after he had poured out his
‘whole soul to God, the voice of the Lord eame to him, saying,
Blessed art thou, Alma, aud blessed are they who were baptized
in the waters of Mormon. Thou art blessed because of thy ex-
ceeding faith in the words alone of my servant, Abinadi, And
blessed are they becauge of their exceeding faith in the words
alone which thou hast spoken unto wher. And blessed art
shon because thou hast established a church among this people;
and they aball be established, and they shall be my people.
Yea, blessed is this people, who are willing to bear my name;
for in my name shall they be called; and they are mine, Aud
because thou hast inquired of me concerning the transgressor,
thou art blessed. Thou art my servant: and I covenant with
thee, that thou shalt have eternal life; and thou shalt serve
me, and go forth in my name, and shall gather together my
sheep. And he that will hear niy voieo, shall be my sheep;
and him shall ye receive into the chureh; and him will T also
seeeive. For behold, this is my church; whosoever is bap-
tized, shall be baptized unto repentance. And whosoever ye
receive, shall believe in my name; and bim will | freely forgive:
for it is I that taketh upon me the sins of the world; for it is 1
that hath ereated them; and it is I that granteth unto lim that
believeth unto the end, a place at my right hand. For beheld,
in my name are they called; and if they know me, they shall
come forth, and shall have a place eternally at my right hand.

16, And it shall come to pass that when the aecond trump
‘ahall sound, then shall they that never knew me couse forth,
nd shall stand before mo; and then shall they know that Iam
the Lord their God, that I am their Redeemer; but they would
not be redeemed. And then will I confess unto them, that I
