CHAP. x1.) BOOK OF MOSIAH. 197

again, the angel said, Belold the Lord hath heard the prayers
of his servant Alwa, who is thy father: for be has prayed with
muebi faith concerning thee, that thou mightest be brought to
the knowledge of the truth; therefore for this purpose have T
come to convitice thee of the power «nd authority of God, that
the prayers of liis servants night be answered according to their
faith, And now beliold, can ye dispute the power of God?
For beiold, doth not my voice shake the earth? And can ye
not also behiold me before you? And I am sent from God.
Now 1 say unto thee, go, and remember the captivity of thy
fathers if the land of Helam, and in the land of Nephi; and
remeinber how great things he has done for them: for they
were in bondage, and he has delivered them. And now I say
unto thee, Alma, go thy way, and seek to destroy the church
no more, that their prayers may be answered; and this even if

_ thon wilt of thyself be cast off.

21. And now it came to pass that these were the last words
which the angel spake unto Alma, and he departed. And now
Alma, and those that were with him, fell again to the earth, for

was their astonishment; for with their own eyes they
had beheld an angel of the Lord; and his voice was as thunder,
which shook the earth; and they know that there was nothing
save the powor of God, that could shake the earth and cause it
to tremble, as though it would part asunder. And now the
astonishment of Alma was so gréut, that he became dumb, that
he could not open his mouth; ye, and he became weak, even
that he could not move his hiwids: therefore he was taken by
those that were with him, and carried helpless, even until he
was laid before his father. And they rehearsed unto his futher
all Usat liad happened unto them; and his futher rejoiced. for he
knew that it was the power of God. And he caused thet a mul-
titude should be gathored together, that they might witness what
the Lord had done for his son, and also lor those that were with
him, And he caused that the priests should assemble them-
selves together; and they began to fast, and to pray to the Lord
their God, that he would open the mouth of Alma, that he
might speak; and also that his limbs might receive their
strength, that the eyes of the people might be opened to sce
aud know of the goodness and glory of God.

22, And it came to pass after they had fisted and prayed for
the space of two days and two nights, the limbs of Alma
received their strength. ani he stood up and began to speak
unto them, bidding thein to he of good coufort; for, said he, T
have repented of my sins, aud have heen redeemed of the Lord;
behold, Lm born of the Spirit. Aud the Lord said nnto me,
