owaP. xi] BOOK OF MOSIAH. 201

to pass that the voice of the people came, saying, We are desir-
ous that Aaron, thy son, should be our king, and our ruler.
Now Aaron had gone up to the land of Nephi, therefore the
king could not confer the kingdom upon him: neither would
Aaron take upon him the kingdom; neither were any of the
gons of Mosiah willing to take upon them the kingdom, there-
fore king Mosiah sent again among the peple, yea, even a writ-
ten word sent he among the people, And these were the words
that were written; saying: Behold, O ye my people, or my
brethren, for I esteem you as such, for I desire that ye should
consider the cause which ye are called to consider; lor ye are
desirous to have a king. Now I declare unto you, that he to
whom the kingdom doth rightly belong, has declined, and will
not take upon him the kingdom.

2. And now if there should he wnother appointed in his
stead, behold'I fear there would rise contentions among you;
and who knoweth but what my son, to whom the kingdom doth.
belong, should turn to be angry, and draw away a part of this
people after him, which would cause wars and contentions
among you; which would be the cause of shedding much blood,
and perverting the way of the Lord; yea, and destroy the souls
of many people, Now Isay unto yoo, let us be wise and con-
sider these things, for we have no right to destroy my son,
neither should we have any right to destroy another, if he
should be appointed in his stead. And if my son should turn
again to his pride and vain things, he would recall the things
which he had said, and claim his right to the kingdom, which
would cause him and also this people tocommit much sin. And
now let us be wise and look forward to these things. and do that
which will make for the peace of this people. ‘Therefore I
will be your king the remainder of my days; nevertheless, let
us appoint judges, to judge this people according to our law,
and we will newly arrange the affairs of this people. for we will
appoint wise men to be judges, that will judge this people ac-
cording to the commandients of God. Now it is better that a
man should be judged of God than of man, for the judzmenta
of God are always just, but the judgments of man are not
always just; therefore, if it were possible that ye could have
just men to be your kings, who would establish the laws of
God, and judge this people according to his commandments;
yeu, if ye could have men for your kings. who would do even
aa iny father Benjamin did for this people, { say wito you, if
this could always be the case, then it would be expedient that
ye should always have kings'to rule over you. And even I
imyself have labored with all the power of faculties which I
