omar. 1.) BOUK OF ALMa. 213

was an army sent to drive them out of their land. Now Alma
himself being afflicted with a wound, did not go up to battle at
this time aguiust the Lamanites; but-he sent up @ numerous
army aguiust them; aud they weut up and slew many of the
Lamanites, and drove the remainder of them out of the borders
of their land; and then they returned again, and began to estab-
lish peace in’ the laud, being troubled no more for a time with
their enemies. Now all these things were done, yea, all these
‘wars and contentions were commenced and ended, in the fifth
year of therreign of the Judges; and in one year were thousands
‘and tens of thousands of souls ‘sent to the eternal world, that
they might reap their rewards according to their works, whether
they were good or whether they were bed, to reap eternal hap-
pines or eternal misery, according to the spirit which they listed
to obey, whether it be ‘a good spirit or a bad one; for every
‘man receiveth wages of him whom he listeth to obey, and this
according to the words of the spirit of prophecy; thetefore let
it be according to the truth. And thus endeth te fifth year of
the reign of the Judges.

 

CHAPTER IL.

1. Now it came to puss in the sixth year of the reign of the
Tudges over the people of Nephi, there were no contentions
hor wats in the land of Zaruhemla; but the people were aftieted,
yea, greatly afflicted for the loss of their brethren, and also for
the loss of their flocks and herds, and also for the loss of their
fields of grain, which were trodden under foot and destroyed by
the Lamanites, and go great were their afflictions, that every soul
had ewuse to mourn; and they believed that it was the judg-
ments of God sent upon them, because of their wickedness and
their abominations; therefore they were awakened to a remem-
brance of their duty. And they began to establish the church
more fully; yea, and many were baptized in the waters of Sidon,
atid were joined to the church of God; yea, they were bap-
lized by the hand of Alma, who had been cousecrated the
high priest over the people of the clureb. by the hand of his
father Alnu.

2, And it came to pass in the seventh year of the reign of the
Judges, there were about three thousand five Inmdred souls
that united themselves to the church of God, and were bup-
tized. And thus endeth the seventh year of the reign of the
Judges over the people of Nephi; and there was continual”
peace in all that time.
