OwAP. DI] BOOK OF ALMA, 217

change in your hearts? Do ye exercise faith in the redemption
of him who created you? Do you took forward with an eye of
faith, and view this mortal budy raised in immortality, and thia
corruption raised in ineorruptiou, to stand belore God, to be
judged avcordiug to the deeds whieh Lave been done it the
mortal body? [say unto you, can you imagine to yourselves
that ye hear the voice of the Lord, saying unto you, it that day,
come unto me ye blessed, for behold, your works have been the
works of righteousness upon te fuce of the earth? Or do ye
imagine to yourselves that ye can lie unto the Lord in what day,
and say, Lord, our works have beeu righteous works upon the
face of the earth, and that Le will save you? Or otherwise,
ye imagine yourselves brought before the tribunal of God, with
Your souls fled with guilt and romorse: having a remembrance
of all your guilt: yeu, a perfect remembrance of all your wick-
edness; yeu, a retnembrance that ye. have set at defiance the
commandients of Gad, I say unto you. cun ye look up to God
at that day witha pure heart and clean hands? I say unto
you, can you look up, Laving the image of God engraven upon.
Your couistenances? | I say nuito you, can you think of being
xaved when you have yielded yourselves to become subjects to
the devil? say unto you, ye will kuow at that day, that yo
cannot be suved: for there cai no man be saved except his
garments are washed white: yea. his garments must be purified
until they are cleansed from all stain, through the blood of hin
of whom it has been spoken by our fathers who should come
26 redeein his people from their sins.
4, And now I ask of you, iny brethren, how will any of you
feel. if ye shall stand before the bar of God. having your gar-
ments stained with blood, and all manner of filthiness? Behold,
what will these things testify against you? Behold, will they
not testift that ye are murderers, yeu. and also that ve are guilty
of all manner of wickedness? Behold, my brethren,do ye sup-
pose that such an one can havea place to sit down in the
kingdom of God, with Abraham, with Isaac, and with Jacob,
and also all the holy propliets, whose garments are cleunset,
and are spotless pure and white? I say unto you, nay, except
‘ye make our Creator a liar from the beginning, or suppose that
he isa liar from the begmning, ye cannot suppose that such
can have place in the kingdom of heaven, but they shall bo
* east ont, for they are the children of the kingdom ot’ the devil.
‘And now behold, I say unto you my brethren, if ye have expe-
Fenced a change of heart, and if ye have felt to sing the song
of redeeming love, T would ask can ye feel so now? Have ye
walked, kooping yourselves blameless betore God? Could ye

 

  

  

 

  

 
