218 J}— ‘BOOK OF ALMA. [caar. om

say, if ye were called to die at this time, within yourselves,
that ye have been sufficiently humble? That your garments
have’ been cleansed and made white, through the blood of
Christ, who will come to redeem his ‘people from their sin ?
Behold, are ye stripped of pride? I aay unto you, if'ye are not,
ye ure not prepared to meet God. Behold ye must prepare
‘quickly, for the Kingdom of heaven is soon at hand, and such
an one hath not eternal life. Behold, T aay, is there one among
you who is not stripped of envy? [aay unto you that euch an
‘one is not prepared, and I wonld that he should prepare quick-
Iy, tor the hour is close at hand, and he kaoweth not when the
time shall come; for such an one is not found guiltless.

5. And again Tsay unto you, is there one among you that doth
make a mock of his brother, or that heapeth upon’him persecu-
tions? Wo unto euch an one, for he is not prepared, and the,
time is at hand that he must’ repent, or he cannot be saved;
yea, even wo unto all ye worke:s of iniquity; repent, repent, for
the Lord God hath spoken it. Behold, he sendeth an invitation.
‘nto all men; for the arms ofmercy are extended towards them,
and he saith, repent, and I will receive you; yea, he saith, come
unto me and ye shall partake of the frnit of the tree of life;
yea, ye shall eat and drink of the bread and the waters of life
freely; yea, come unto me and bring forth works of righteous-
ness, and ye shall not be hewn down and cast tnto the fire; for
behoid, the timeis at hand that whosoever bringeth forth not good
fruit, or whosoever doeth not the works of righteousness, the
same have cause to wail and mourn, O ye workers of iniquity: ye
that are puffed up in the vain things of the world; ye that have
professed to have known the ways of righteousness; nevertheless

wave gone astray, as sheep having no shepherd, notwithatand-
ing a shepherd hath calied after you, and art still calling after
you, but ye will not hearken unto his voice. Behold I say unto
‘you, that the good shepherd doth call you; yea, aud in his own
name hf'doth call you, which is the name of Christ; and if ye
will not hearken unto the voice of the good shepherd, to the
name by which ye are called, behold, ye are not the sheep of
the good shepherd.

6. And now if ye are not the sheep of the good shepherd. of
what fold are ye? Behold. I say unto you, that the devil is
your shepherd, and ye are of his fold; and now who can deny
this? Behold, I say unto you, whosoever denieth this, is a har
and a child of the devil; for I'suy unto you, that whatsoever is
good, cometh from God, and whatsoever is evil, cometh from
the devil; therefore, if @ man bringeth forth good works, he
hhearkeneth unto the voice of the good shepherd; and he doth

  
