omar.iv.] BOOK OF ALMA. 221

9 And now, I, Alma, do command you in the langage of
hia who hath’ commanded me, that ye observe to do the
works which I have spoken unto you. I xpeak by way of
command unto you that belong to the chuch; and unto those
who do not belong to the chureh, I speak by way of invitation,
saying, Come and be baptized unto repentance, that ye also may
be partakers of the fruit of the tree of life.

 

  

CHAPTER IV.

1, Axp now it came to pass that after Alma hed made an
exi of speaking unto the people of the church, which waa
estublished in the city of Zarahemls. he ordained priests and
eliers, by laying on his hands according to the order of God,
topreside and wateh over the church. And it came to pass
tat whosoever did not belong to the churels who repented of
their sins, were baptized unto repentance, and were received
into the church, And it also came to pass that whosoever did
belong to the church, that did not repent of their wickudness,
and humble themselves before God; I mean those who were
lifted up in the pride of their hearts; the same were rejected,
and their names were blotted out, that their names were not
‘umbered among those of the righteous: and thus they hegam
to estublish the order of the church in the city of Zarahemla,
Now [ would that ye should understand that the word of God
was liberal unto all; that none were deprived of the privilege
of assembling themselves together to hear the word of God;
nevertheless the children of God were commanded that they
should gather themselves together oft, and join in fasting and
ighty prayer, in behalf of the welfare of the souls of those
who knew not God.

2. And now it came to pass that when Alma had made th
regulations, he departed from them, yea. trom the elnurels wliie!
was in the city of Zarahemla, and went over upon the east of
the river Sidon, into the valley of Gideon, there having been a
City built which was called tho city of Gideon. which was in
the valley that was called Gideon, being calted after the ta
who was slain by the hand of Nehor with the sword. And
Alma went and began to declare the word of God unto the
church which was established in the valley of Gideon, accord-
ing to the revelation of the truth of the word which had heen
spoken by his fathers, and according to the spirit of prophecy
Which wag in him, according to the testimony of Jesus Christ,

 

 

2

 
