onar. v.) BOOK OF ALMA. 223

distant, that the Redeemer liveth and cometh among his peo-
ple. Behold, 1 do not say that he will come among us at
the time of his dwelling in his mortal tabernacle; for behoid,
the Spirit hath not said unto me that this should’ be the case.
‘Now as to this thing I do not know; but this much T do know,
that the Lord God hath power to do all things which are aecord-
ing to his word. But behold, the Spirit hath said this much
unto me, saying: Cry unto this people, saying, repent ye, and,
prepare the way of the Lord, and walk in his paths, wlich are
atraight: for behold, the kingdom of heaven ig at hand, and the
Son of God cometh upon the face of the earth. And behold,
he ahali be born of Mary at Jernsglem, which is the land of our
forefathers, she being 4 virgin, a precious and chosen vessel,
who shall be overshadowed, and conceive by the power of the
Holy Ghost, and bring forth a son, yea, even the Son of God;
and he shall go forth, suffering paing, and afflictions, and temp-
tations of every kind; and this that the word might be fuldled
Which saith, he will take upon him the pains and the sickuesses
of his people; and he will take upon him death, that he may
Joose the bands of death which bind his people; and he will
take upon him their infirmities, that his bowels may be filled
‘with mercy, according to the flesh, that he may know according
lo the flesh how to succor his people according to their infirmi-
ties. Now the Spirit knoweuh all things; nevertheless the Son
of God suffereth according to the flesh, that he might take upon
him the sins of his people, that he might blot out their trans-
gressions, according to the power of bis deliverance; and now
behold, this is the testimony which is in me.

3. Now I say unto you, that ye must repent, and be born
again: for the Spirit saith, if ye are not born again, ye canuob
inherit the kingdom of heaven: therefore como and be baptized
unto repentance, that ye may be washed from your sins, that
ye may have faith on the Lamb of God, who taketh away the
ains of the world, who is mighty to save and to cleanse from all
unrighteousness; yea, I say unto you, come and fear not, and
lay aside every sin, which easily Uoth beset you, which doth
bind you down to destruction; yea, come and go forth, und
shew ‘unto your God that ye are willing to repent of your sins,
and enter into covenant with him to keep his commandments,
and witness it unto him this day, by going into the waters of
baptibm; and whosoever doeth this, and keepeth the command-
ments of God from thenceforth, the same will remember that I
say unto him, yea, he will remember that T lave said unto him,
he shall have eternal life, according to the testimony of the
Holy Spirit, which testifieth in me. And now my beloved

 
