230 BOOK OF ALMA. [cHar. vin.

not be destroyed, the Lord has sent his angel to visit many
of his people, declaring unto them that they must go forth
and cry mightily unto this people, saying, Repent ye, for
the kingdom of heaven is nigh at hand; and not many days
hence, the Son of God shall come in his glory; and his glory
shall be the glory of the only begotten of the Father, full of grace,
equity and trush, full of patience, merey, and longsuffering, quick
to hear the cries of his people, and to answer their prayers. Aud
behold, he cometh to redeem’ those who will be baptized unto
repentance, through faith on his name;, therefore prepare ye
the way of the Lord, for the time is at hand that all men shall
reap a reward of their works, according to that which they
have been: if they have been righteous, they shall reap the
salvation of their souls, according to the power and deliverance
of Jeaus Christ; and if they have been evil, they shall reap the
damnation of their souls, secording to the power and captivatioa
‘of the devil. Now behold, this is the yoice of the angel, crying
unto the people. And now my beloved brethren, for ‘ye are
my brethren, and yo had ought to be beloved, and ye had ought
to bring forth works which are meet for repentance, seeing that
your hearts have been grossly hardened against the word of
God, and sccing that ye are a lost. and a fallen people.

4. Now it came to pass that when I, Alma, ad epoken these
words, behold, the people were wroth with me, because 1 said
unto them that they were a hard-hearted and a atif-necked
people; and also because J said unto them that they were a lost
and fallen people, they were angry with me, and sought to lay
their hands upon me, that they might cast mo into prisou; but
it came to pass that the Lord did not suffer them that they
should take me at that time and cust me into prison.

5, And it came to pass that Amnlek went and stood forth,
and began to preach unto them also. And now the words of
Amulok are not all written; nevertheless part of his words are
written in this book.

 

 

CHAPTER VIIL,

1. Now these are the words which Amulek preached unto
the people who were in the land of Ammonihah, saying; I am
Amulek; Iam the son of Giddonah, who was the aon of fsh-
mael, who was a descendant of Aminadi: and it was that same
Aminadi who intorpreted the writing which was upon the walt
of the temple, which was written by the finger of God. And

 
