232 BOOK OF ALMA. [ouar. vm

spirit of prophecy which was in them; nevertheless. there were
soine arnong them who thought to question them, that by their
cunning devices they might eateh them in tueir words, that
they might tind witness ayainst them, that they might deliver
them to the Judges, that they might be judged according to the
law, and that they might be slain or cast into prison, according
to the crime which they could make appear. or witness against
them. Now it was those men who sought to destroy them,
who were lawyers, who were hired or appointed by the peopie
to administer the law at their times of trials, or at the trials of
the crimes of the people, before the Judges. Now these law-
yers were learned in all the arts and cunning of the people; and
this waa to enable them that they might be skillful in their pro-
fession, And it came to pass that they began to question
Amulek, that thereby they might make him cross his words, or
contradict the words which he should speak,

4. Now they knew not that Amulek could know of their
designs. But it came to pass as they began to question him, he
peresived their thoughts, and he said unto them, O ye wicked
and perverse generation: ye lawyers and hypocrites; for ye are
laying the foundations of the devil; for ye are laying traps and
snares to catch the holy ones of God; ye are laying plans to
pervert the ways of the righteous, and to bring down the wrath
of God upon your heuds, even to the utter destruction of this
people; yea, well did Mosiah say, who was our last king, when
‘he was about to deliver up the kingdom, having no one to con-
fer it upon, causing that this people should be governed by
their own voices; yea, well did he say, that if the time should
come that the voice of this people should choose iniquity; that
is, if the time should come that this people should fall into
‘transgression, they would be ripe for destruction. And now I
say unto you, that well doth: the Lord judge of your iniquities;
well gothi he cry unto this people, by the voice of his angels,
Repent ve, repent, for tho kingdom of heaven is at hand. Yea,
well doth he ery, by the voice of his angels, that I will come
down among my people, with equity and justice in my hands.
Yea, and [ say unto you, that if it were not for the prayers of
tie righteous, who are now in the land, that ye would even
now be visited with utter destruetion; yet it would not be by
Hood, as were the people in the days of Noal, but it would be
by famine, and by pestilence, and the sword, "But it is by the
prayers of the righteons that ye are spared; now therefore if ye
will cast out the righteous from among you, then will not the
Lord stay his hand, but ia his fierce anger he will come out
against you; then ye shall be smitten by famine, and by pesti-

 

 

a
