Har. vit.] BOOK OF ALMA. 233

lence, and by the sword; and the time is soon at hand, except
ye repeut.

5. And now it came to pass that the people were more unxty
with Amulek, and they cried out saying: This man dotu revile
against our laws, which are just, and our wise lawyers whom
we have selected. But Amulek stretched forth lis. hand. and
cried the mightier unto them, saying: O ye wicked aud perverse
generation; winy hath Satan got such great hold apau your
hearts? Why will ye yield yonrelves unto hin that he uy
have power over you, to blind your eyes, tit ye will not ander-
stand the words whieh are spoken, accordiug to their truth?
For benold, have I testified against your law? Ye do not
understand; ye say that I have spoken against your law; but £
have not; but 1 have spoken iu favor of your law, to your con-
demnation. And now behold, I say unto you, that the founda-
tion of the destruction of this people is beginning to be laid by
the unrighteousness of your lawyers and your judges.

6, And now it came to pass that when Amulek had spoken
these words, the people cried out against him, saving, Now wo
know that this man is a child of the devil. for ie hath lied uno
us; for he hath spoken against our law. And now he says that
he has not spoken against it. And again: he has reviled against,
our lawyers, and our judges, &e. And it came to pass Unt the
lawyers put it into their hearts that they should remember these
things against him. And there was one among tiem whose
name was Zeezrom. Now ho was the foremost to accuse Amu
lek and Alma, he being one of the most expert among them,
having much business to do among the people. Now the object,
of these lawyers was to get gain; and they got gain according
to their employ.

1. Now it was in the law of Mosial that every man who
was a judge of the law, or those who were appointed to be
judges shonid receive wages accordiny to the time which they
labored to judge those who were brouzht before then to he
Judged,

8, Now if a man owed another. and he would not pay tht
whiclt he did owe, he was complained of to the jules and the
judge exeented authority, and sent forth offivers that we man
Should be brought before him: ari he juke the man accord
ing to the law and the evidences whicli were brouzht against
him, und thus the man was compelled to pay that which he
owed. or be stripped. or be cast out from among the people, as
@thief and a robber. And the judge received for his waxes
according to his time: a senine of yold for a day. or a seuum of
silver, which is equal to a senine of gold; and this is uccording

  

  

 

 

 

 

 

sia. -
