Hap. 1x] BOOK OF ALMA. 237

Now | would that ye should reiember that whut I say unto
thee, Lsuy unto all,” And behold, I say unto you all, that this
was a snare of the adversary, which he has laid to catch this
people, that he might bring you into subjection unto him, chat
he might encircle you about with his chains, that he might
chain you down to everlasting destruction, according to the
power of his captivity,

2. Now when Alma hud spoken these words, Zeezrom begun
to tremble more exceedingly, for he was convinced more aud
more of the power of God; and he was also convinced tlat
Alma and Amulek had x knowledge of him, for he was con-
vinced that they knew the thonglits and intents of his heart:
for power was given unto them tlt they might know of these
things. according to the spirit of prophecy. And Zeczroin
began to wquire of them diligently, that he might know more
concerning the kingdom of God. ' And he said uo Alina,
What does this mean which Amulek hath spoken concerning
the resurrection of the dead, that all shall rise trom the dead,
both the just and the unjust, and are brought to suind before
God, to be judged according to their works? And now Alma
began to expound these things unto him, saying, It is given
unto many to know the mysteries of God; nevertheless they
are laid under w strict command, that they shall not impart only
accorditns to the portion of his word, whic he dotl grant unto
the children of men; according co the heed aud diligence which
they give unto hit: and therefore he that will harden his heart,
the same receivett the lesser portion-of the word: and he that
will not harden hia heart, to lim is given the gceater portion of
the word. until it is given unto him to know the mysteries of
God, until they know them in full; and they that will harden
their hearts, to them is given the lesser portion of the word,
until they know nothing concernins lis mysteries; and then
they are taken captive by the devil. and led by his will down
to destruction, Now this is what is meaut by the elaius of
hell: and Aumlek hath spoken plainly concerning death, und
being raised from this mortality to a state of immortality. and
being brought before the bar of God, to be judges! according to
our Works. Then if our hearts have been lurdened, yea, if we
have hardened our heurts against the word, insomuch that it
thas not heen found in us, then will our state be awful, for then
we shall be condenmed: for our words will condemn us, yea,
all our works will condemn us; we shall not be found apotiess:
and onr thoughts will also condemn us; and in this awful stato,
we shall not dare look up to our Go id fin bo
glad if we could command the rocks and the mountains to fall

  

 

 

    

 

   

  

 
