238 BOOK OF ALMA. (cmap. tx.

upon us, to hide us from his presence. But this cannot be: we
niust come forth and stand before him in his glory, aud iu his
power, and in his might, majesty and dominion, and acknowl
edge to our everlasting shame, that all his judgments are just:
‘that he is just in all bis works, and that he is merciful unto the
children of men, and that he has all power to save every man
that believeth on his name, and bringeth forth fruit meet for
repentance.

3. And now behold I say unto you, then cometh a death, even
asecond death, which is a spiritual death: then is a time that
whosoever dieth in his sins, as to a temporal death, shall also
die a spiritual death: yea, he shall die as to things pertaining
unto righteousness; tlien is the time wheu their torments shall
be as a lake of fre and brimestone, whose flames ascendeth
up forever and ever; and then is the time that they shall -be
ehained down to an everlasting destruction, according to the
power and captivity of Satan: he having subjected them accord-
ing to his will. Then I say unto you, they shall be as though
there had been no redemption made; for they cannot be
redeomed according to God's justice; and they cannot die, see-
ing there is no more corruption.

4. Now it came to pass that when Alma had made an end of
speaking these words, the people began to be more astonished;
‘but there was one Autionah, who was a chief ruler among them,
come forth and said unto him, What is this that thou hast said,
that man should rise from the dead and be changed from this
mortal to an immortal state, that the soul can never die? What
does the seripture mean, which saith that God placed cherubims
and a flaming sword on the east of the garden of Eden, lest our
first. parents should enter and partake of the fruit of the tree of
life, and live forever? And thus we see that there was no pos-
sible chance that they should live forever? Now Alma said
unto him, This is the thing whieh I was about toexplain. Now
we see that Adam did fall by the partaking of the forbidden
fruit. according to the word of God; and thus we see, that by
his full, al mankind became a lost and a fallen people. And
now behold, I say unto you, that if it had been possible for
Adam to have partaken of the fruit of the tree of life at that
time, there would have been no death, and the word would
have been void, making God a liar: for he said, If thou eat,
thou shall surely die. And we see that death comes upon man-
kind, yea, the death which has been spoken of by Amuiek,
which’ is the temporal death; nevertheless there was a space
granted unto mau, in whieh he might repent; therefore unis life
became a probationary state; a time to prepare to meet God;

 

 

; A
