cuar. 1.) BOOK OF ALMA. 239

18 time to prepare for that endless state, which has been spoken
of by us, which is after the resurrection of the dead.

5. Now if it had not been for the plan of redemption, which
was laid from the foundation of the world, there could have
been no resurrection of tiie dead; but there was a plan of re-
demption laid, which shall bring to pass the resurrection of the
dead, of which has been spoken. And now behold, if it were
possible that our first parents could have went forth and par-
taken of the tree of life, they would have been forever misera-
ble, having no preparatory state; aud thus the plan of redemp-
tion would have been frastrated, and the word of God wonld
have been void, taking none effect. But behold, it was not 80;
Dut it was appointed unto man that they must die; and after
death, they must come to judgment; even that same judgment
of which we lmve spoken, which iy the end. And after God
had appointed that these things should como unto man, behold,
then he saw that it was expedient that man should know coi
cerning the things whereof he ld appointed unto them;
therefore he sent angels to converse with them, who caused
meu to behold his glory. And they began from that time forth
tocall on his name; therefore God conversed with men, and
made known unto them the plan of redemption, which had been
prepared from the foundation of the world; and this he made
fnown unto them according to their faith and repentanee, and
their holy works; wherefore he gave commandments unto men,
they having first transgressed the first commandments aa to
things which were temporal, and becoming as gods, knowing
good from evil, placing themselves ina state to act, or being
placed in a state to act according to their wills and pleasures,
‘whether to do evil or to do good; therefore God gave unto them
commandments, after having made known unto them the plan
of redemption, that they shoud not do evil, the penalty thereof
deing a second deatl,, which was an everlasting death as to
things pertaining unto righteousness; for on such the plan of
redemption could have no power. for the works of justice could
not be destroyed, according to the supreme goodness of God,
But God did call on man, in the name of his Son, (this being
the plan of redemption which was Inid), saying: If ye will re-
pent, and harden not your hearts, then will I have merey upon
you, through mine only begotten Son; therefore, whosoever
repenteth. and lurdeneth not his heart, he shall have claim on
inerey through mine only begotten ‘ion, unto a remission of his
sins: and these shall enter into m: rest. And whosoever will
harden his heart, and will do iniquity, behold, I swear in my
wrath that he shall not enter into my rest.’ And now my

 

 

 

 
