CHAP. x] BOOK OF ALMA. 243

be bound down by the chains of hell, that ye may not suffer the
second death. Ang Alma spake many more words unto the
people, which are not written in this book.

5. And it came to pass afer he lad made an end of
speaking unto the poople, many of them did believe on his
words, and began to repent and to search the scriptures: but
the more part of them were desirous that they might destroy
Aima and Amulek; for they were angry with Alma, because of
the plainness of his’ words unto Zeezrom; and they also said that
Amulek had lied unto them, and had reviled against their law,
and also against their lawyers and judges. And they were also
angry with Alma and Amulck; and because they had testified
s0 plainly against their wickedness, they sought to put them
away privily. But it came to pass that they did not; but they
took them and bound them with strong cords, and took them
before the chief judge of the land. And the poople went forth
and witnessed against them, testifying that they had reviled against
the law, and their lawyers and judges of the land, und also
of all the people that wera in the land; and also testitled that
there was but one God, and that he should send his Son among
the people, but he should not suve them: and many euch things
did the people testify against Alma and Amulek. Now this was
done before the chief judge of the land. Aud it came to pags
that Zeezrom was astonished at the words which had beoa
spoken; and he also knew concerning the blindness of the
minds which he had caused among the people, by his lying
words; and his soul began to be harrowed up, under cousious-
ness of his own guilt; yea, he begau to be encireled about iy the
pains of hell.

6. And it came to pass that he begun to ery unto the people,
saying: Bebold Iam guilty. and these men are spotless before
God.” And he begau to plead for them, from that time tortit;
but they reviled him, saying: Art thou also possessed with the
devil?" And they spit upon him, and cast him out from wnong
them, and also all those who had believed in the words which
had beon spoken by Alma and Armulek; and they cust them
out, and sent men to cast stones at them, And they brought
their wives and chitdren together, and whosoever believed or
had been taught to believe in the word of God, they causod
that they should be cast into the fire; and they also brought
forth their records, which contained the holy seriptures, and
‘east them into the fire also, that they might be burned and
destroyed by tire.

1. And it came to pass that they took Alma und Amulck,
and carried them forth to the place of nurtyrdom, that they

 
