ouap. x] BOOK OF ALMA. 245

and condemn our iaw? If -° uave such great power, why do
yo not deliver yourselves” And many such things did they say
unto them, gnashing their teeth upon them, and spitting upon
them, and saying. “iow shall we look when we are damned?
and many such .aings, yea, all manner of such things did they
say unto them ; and this they did mock them, for many days.
And they did withhold food from them, that they might hunger,
“nd water, that they might thirst; and they also did take from
chem their clothes, that they were naked; and thus they were
bound with strong cords, and confined in prison.

10. And it came to pass after they had thus suffered for
many days, (and it was on the twelfth day, in the tenth month,
in the tenth yeur of the reign of the Judges over the people of
Nephi), that the chief judge aver the land of Ammonihab, and
many of their teachers and their lawyers, went in unto the
prison where Alma and Amulek were bound with cords, And
the chief judge stood before them, and smote them again, and said
unto them, If ye have the power of God, deliver yourselves from
these bunds, and then we will believe that the Lord will destroy
this people according to your words. And it came to pass that
they all went forth and smote them, suying the same words. even
until the last; and when the last had spoken unto them, the
power of God was upon Ahna and Annick, and they arose and
stood upon their feet; and Alma criel, saying. How long shall
we suffer these grent afflictions, © Lord? O Lord, give us strength
according to our faith which is in Christ, even unto deliverance:
and they brake the cords with whieh they were bound: and when”
the people saw this, they began to flee, for the fear of destruction
had come upon them.

11. And it came to pass that so great was their fear. that they
fell to the earth. and did not obtain the outer door of the prison;
and the earth shook mightily. aud the walls of the prison were
rent in twain, so that they fell to the earth: and the chief judge.
and the lawyers. and priests, and teachers, who smote upon
Alma und Amulek, were slain by the fall thereof And Ahva
aod Amulek came forth ont of the prison, and they were not
hurt; for tho Lord had granted unto them: power, according to
their faith which was in Christ. And they straightway came
forth out of the prison; and they were loosed from their bands:
and the prison had fallen to the earth, awl every soul who was
within the walls thereof, save it were Alma and Amulek, were
alain; and they straightway came forth into the city. Now the
people having heard a great noise, came running togetlier hy
multitudes, to know the canse of it; and when they saw Alna
and Amulek coming forth out of the prison, and that the walls

 

 

 
