246 BOOK OF ALMA. [omar x.

thereof had fallen to the earth, they were struck with great
fear and fled from the prevence of Alma and Amulek, even ag a
goat fleeth with her young from two lions; and thus they did
fice from the presence of Alma and Amulek.

12 And it came to pass that Alma and Amulek were com-
manded to depart out of that city; and they departed, and camo
out even into the land of Sidom;'and behold, there they found
ali the people who had departed out of the land of Aimmonihah,
who had been cast out and stoned, because they believed in the
words of Alma, And they related unto them all that had hap-
pened unto their wives and children, and also concerning them-
selves, and of their power of deliverance. And also Zeezrom.
lay sick at Sidom, with a burning fever, which was caused by
the great tribulations of his mind, bn account of his wickedness,
for he supposed that Alma and Amulek were no more; and he
supposed that they hud been slain, by the cause of his iniquity.
And this great sin, and his many other sins, did harrow up his
mind, until ié did become exceeding sore, having uo deliverance;
therefore he began to be scorched witha burning heat. Now when
he heard that Alma and Amuiek were in the land of Sidom, his
heart began to take courage; and he sent a message immedi
ately unto them, desiring them to come unto him.

13, And it came to pass that they weut immediately, obey-
ing the message which he had sent unto them: and they weut
in unto the house unto Zeezrom; and they found him upon his
bed sick, being very low with a burning fever; aud his mind

salso was exceeding sore, because of his iniquities; and when he
saw them, he stretched forth his hand, and besought them that
they would heal him,

14, And it came to pass that Alma said unto him, taking hin
by the hand, Believest thon in the power of Christ unto sulva-
tion? And he answered and said, Yea, [ believe all tie words
that thou has taught. And Alma said, If thou believest in
the redemption of Christ, thou canat be healed. Aud he said,
Yea, I believe according to they words, And then Alma cried
wnto the Lord, saying, O Lord our God, have merey on this
man, and heal ‘him according to his faith which is in Christ.
And when Alma had said these words, Zeezrom leaped upan his
feet, and began to waik; and this was done to the great astou-
ishment of all the peoplo; and the knowledge of this went forth
throughout all the land of Sidom, And Alma baptized Zeezrom
unto the Lord; and he began from that time forth to preach
unto tie people. And Alma established a church in the laud
of Sidom, and consecrated priests and teachers in the land, to
baptize unto the Lord whosoever were desirous to be baptized.
