ouar. xtL] BOOK OF ALMA. 253

Ammon, for they supposed that one of their men could slay
him, according to their pleasure. tur they knew not that the
Lord lad promised Mosiah that he would deliver his sons out
of their hands; neither did they know anything concerniny the
Lord; therefore they delighted in the destruction of their
brethren; and for this cause they stood to scatter the Hocks of
the king.

9. But Ammon stood forth and began to cast stones at them
with his sling; yea, with mighty power he did sling stones
amongst them; and’ thas he slew a certain number of them,
insomuch that they began to be astonished at his power; never-
theless they wero angry because of the slain of their brethren,
and they were determined that he sliould fall; therefore, seeing
that they could not hit him with their stones, they came forth
with clubs to slay him. But behold, every man that lifted hia
club to smite Ammon, he smote off their arms with his sword;
for he did withstand their blows by smiting their arms with the
edge of his sword, insomuch that they began to be astonished,
and began to flee before him; yea, and they were uot fow ia
number: and he caused them to flee by the strength of his arm.
Now six of them had fallen by the sling, but he slew none save
it was their leader, with his sword; and he smote off us many
of their arms as were lifted against him, and they were not a
few. And when he had driven them afar off, he returned, and
they watered their flocks and returned them to the pasture of
the king, and then went in unto the king, bearing the arms which
had been smote off by the sword of Ammon, of those who
sought to slay him; and they were carried in unto the king, for
testimony of the things which they hud done.

10, And it came to pass that king Lamoni caused that his
servants should stand forth snd testify to all the things which
they had seen, concerning the matter. And when they had all
tostitied to the things which they had seen, and he had learned.
of the faithfulness of Ammon in preserving his flocks, and also
of his great powers in contending against those who souglit to
slay him, he was astonished exceedingly, and said, Surely this
is more than aman, Behold, is not this the Great Spirit wiva
doth send such great punishments upon this people, because of
their murders? And they answered the king, and said, Whether
ho be the Great Spirit or man, we know not; but this much we
do know, that he cannot be sain by the enemies of the king;
neither can they scatter the king’s dock when he is with us,
because of his expertness and great strength; therefore, we
know that he is a friend to the king. And now, O king, we do
not Deliove that a mnan has such great power, for we know that
