256 BOOK OF ALMA. {enar, xm

Lamoni said, I believe all these things which thou hast spoken.
Art thou sent from God? Ammon said unto him, I'am a man;
and man in the beginning, was created after the image of God,
and I'am called by his Holy Spirit to teach these things unto his
people, that they may be brought to u knowledge of that which
is just and true; and a portion of that Spirit dwelleth in me,
which giveth me knowledge, and also power. according to my
faith and desires which are in God. Now when Ammon had
said these words, he begun at the creation of the world, and
also the creation of Adam, and told him all the things concern-
ing the fall of man. and rehearsed and laid before him the
records and the holy scriptures of the people, which had been
spoken by the prophets, even down to the time that their
Father Lehi left Jerusalem; and he also rehearsed unto thera,
(for it was unto the king and to his servants), all the journeyings
of their fathers in the wilderness, and all their sufferings with
hunger and thirst, and their travel. &c.: and he also rehearsed
unto them concerning the rebellions of Laman and Lemuel, and
the sons of Ishmael, yea. all their rebellions did he relate unto
them; and he expounded unto them all the records and acrip-
tures, from the tine that Lebi left Jerusalem, down to the
present timo; but this is not all; for he expounded unto them
the plan of redemption, which was prepared from the founda-
tion of the world: und he also made known unto them concern-
ing the coming of Christ; and all the works of the Lord did he
make known unto them.

15. And it came to pass that after he had said all these things,
and expounded them to the king, that the king believed all his
words. And he began to cry unto the Lord, saying: O Lord
have mercy; according to thy abundant morey which thou
hast had upon the people of Nephi. have upon me aud my peo-
ple. And now when he had said this, he fell unto the earth,
as if he were dead. And it came to pass that his servants took
him and carried him in unto his wife, and laid him npon a bed;
and he lay as if he were dead, for the space of two days a
two nights; and his wife, and his sons, and his @anghters
mourned over him, after the manner of the Lamanites, greatly
lamenting his toss.

16. And it came to pass that after two days and two nights,
they were about to take his body aud fay it in a sepulehre
which they had made for the purpose of burying their dead.
Now the queen having heard of the fame of Ammon, therefore
she sent and desired that he should come in unto her. And it
came to pass that Ammon did as he was commanded, and went
in unto the queen, and desired to know what she would that

 

 

 

 

    
