opar. xm.) BOOK OF ALMA, 257

he should do. And she said unto him, The servants of my hus-
band have inade it known unto me, that thou art a prophet of
a holy God, and that thou hast power to do many mighty
works in his name; therefore, if this is the case, [ would that
ye should go in and see iny husband, for he has been laid upon
his bed for the space of two days and two nights; and some
say that he is not dead, but others say that he is dead. and that
he stinketh, and that he ought to be placed in a sepulehire: but
as for myself, to me he doth not stink. Now this was what
Ammon desired, for he knew that king Lamoni was under the
power of God; he knew that the dark veil of unbelief being
cast away from his mind, and the light which did light up his
mind, which was the light of the glory of God, which was a
marvellous light of his goodness; yea, this light had infused
much joy into his gout, the cloud of darkness having been dis-
pelled, and that the light of everlasting light was lit up in his
soul; yea, he knew that this liad overeome his natural frame,
and he was carried away in God; therefore, what the queen
desired of him, was his only desire. Therefore he went in to
see the king, according as the queen had desired of him; and
he saw the king, and he knew that he was not dead. Aud he
said unto the queen, He is not dead, but he sleepeth in God,
and on the mortow he shall rise again; therefore bury him not.
And Ammon said unto her, Believest thon this? And she
said unto him, T have had no witness, save thy word, and the
word of our servants; nevertheless, I believe it shall be accord
ing as thou hast said’ And Ammon said unto her. Blessed art
thou, because of thy exceeding faith; I say unto thee, woman,
there has not been such great faith among all the people of the
Nephites.

TT. And it came to pass that she watched over the bed of
her husband, from that time, even until that time on the morrow
which Ammon had appointed that he should rise, And it
came to pass that he arose, according to the words of Ammon;
and as he arose, he stretched forth his hand nnto the wom,
and said, Blessed be the name of God, and blessed art thon: for
as sure as thou livest, behold, T have seen my Redeemer: and
he shall come forth and be born of a woman, and he shall
redeem all munkind who believe on his name. Now when he
had said these words, his heart was swollen within him, and he
ik again with joy: and the queen ulso sunk down heing over-
powered by the Spirit. Now Ammon seeing the Spirit of the
Lord poured ont according to his prayera upon the Lamanites,
his brethren; who had been the canse of 80 much mourning
among the Nephites. or among all the people of God, because

 

 
