260 BOOK OF ALMA. omar. xm.

and thus they had told them things of God, and of his righteous-
ness. And it camo to pass that there were many that did
believe in their words: and as many as did believe, were bap-
tized; and they became a righteous people, and they did estab-
lish a church among them; and thus the work of the Lord did
commence among the Lamanites; thus the Lord did begin to
pour ont is spirit upon them; and we see that his arm is
extended to all people who will repent ami believe on his name.

23, And it came to pass that when they had established a
ehureh in that.land, that king Lamoni desired that Ammon
should go with him to the land of Nephi, that he might show
him unto his father. And the voice of the Lord came to
Aromon, saying, Thou shalt not go up to the land of Nephi, for
behold the king will seek. thy life; but thou shalt go to ‘the
lind of Mitdoni; for behold, thy brother Aaron, and also Muloki
and Ammah are in prison.

24. And it came to puss that when Ammon had heard this,
he said unto Lamoni, Behold, my brother and brethren are in
Prison at Middoni, and I go’ that I may deliver them. Now
Lamoni said unto Ammon, I know, in the strength of the Lord,
thou canst do all things. But behold, I will go with thee to
the land of Middoni, for the king of the land of Middoni, whose
name is Antiomno, is a friend unto me; therefore I go to the
land of Middoni. that I may flatter the king of the land; and he
will cast thy brethren out of prison. Now Lamoni said unto
him. Who told thee that thy brethren were in prison? And
Arnmon said uuto him, No one hath told me, save it be God:
and he suid unto me, Go and deliver thy brethren, for they are
in prison in the land of Middoni, Now when Lamoni had ieard
this, he cansed that his servants should make ready his horses,
and his chariots. And lie said unto Ammon, Come, I will go
with thee down to the land of Middoui, and there I'will plead
with the king, that he will east thy brethren out of prison.

25, And it caine to pass that xs Ainmon and Lumoni wera
journeying thither, that they met the father of Lamoni, who
‘was king over all the land. “And behold, the father of Lamoni
suic unto hit, Why did ye not come to the feast, on that great
day when Tmade a feast unto my sons, and unto my people?
Anihe also said, Whither art thou going with this Nephite,
wito is one of the children of a liar? And it came to pass that
Lamoui rehearsed unto him whither he was going, for he feared
to offend him, And he also told him all the cause of his tarrying
in his own kingdom, that he did not go unto his father, to the
feast which he had prepared. And now when Lamoni had
rehearsed unto him all these things, behold to his astonishment

  

   

 
