276 BOOK OF ALMA. [owar. xv.

luted state? Beliold, we went forth even in wrath, with mighty
threatenings to destroy his church, © then, why did he not
consign us to an awful destruction; yea, why did he not let the
sword of his justice fall upon us, and doom us to eternal despair?
0 my soul, alinost as it were fleeth from the thought. Behold,
he did not exercise his justice upou us, but in his great mercy
hath brought us over that everlasting gulf of death and misery,
even to the salvation of our souls,

  

16. And now behold, my brethren, what natural man ig
there, that knowetlh these things? I say unto you, there is
none that knoweth these things, save it be the penitent; yea,
he that repenteth and exereiseth faith, and bringeth forth’ good
works, aud prayéth continually without ceasing: uuto such it
is given to know the mysteries of God; yea, unto such it ehall
be given to reveul things which never have been revealed; yea,
and it shall be given unto such, to bring thousands of souls to
Fepentaiice, even us it has been given unto us to bring these our
brethren to repentance. Now do ye remember, my brethren,
‘that we said unto our brethren in tle land of Zarahemla, we go
up to the land of Nephi, to preach unto our brethren, the La
manites, and they laughed us to scorn? For they said unto us,
Do ye suppose that ye can bring the Lamanites to the knowl
edge of the truth? “Do ye suppose that ye can convinee the
Lamauites of the incorrectness of the traditions of their fathers,
48 stiff-necked a people as they are; whose hearts delight in the
shedding of blood; whose days have been apent in the grossest
iniquity; whose ways have been the ways of a trangressor,
from the beginning? Now my brethren, ye remember that
this was their language.

 

1%, And moreover, they did say, Let us take up arms against
them, that we destroy them and their iniquity out of the
land, lest they overrun us, and destroy us. But behold, iy
beloved brethren. we came into the wilderness not with the
intent to destroy our brethren, but with the intent that perhaps
we might save some few of their souls. Now when our hearts
were depressed, and we were about to turn back, behold, the
Lord comforted’ ns, aud said, Go amongst thy bretiiren, the
Lamanites, and bear with patience thine afflictions, and I will
give you success, And now behold, we have come, and been
forth amongst them; and we have been patient in onr sufferings,
and we lave suffered every privation; yea, we have traveled
from house to house, relying’ upon the mercies of the world; not
upon the mercies of the world alone, but upon the mercies of
