278 BOOK OF ALMA. [cuar. xv.

CHAPTER XV.

1, Now it came to pasa that when those Lamanites who had
gone to war against the Nephites, had found after their many
struggles to destroy them, that it was in vain to seok their de-
atruction, they returned again to the land of Nephi. And it
came to pass that the Amalekites, because of their loss, were
exceeding angry. And when they saw that they could not
seek revenge from the Nephites, they began to stir up the peo-
ple in anger against their brethren, the people of Anti-Nephi-
Lehi; therefore they began again to destroy them. Now this
people agaiu refused to take their arms, and they suffered them-
solves to be slain according to the desires of their enemies. Now
when Ammon and his brethren saw this work of destruction
among those whom they so dearly beloved, and among those
who had so dearly beloved them; for they were treated as
though they were angels sent from God to save them from
everlasting destruetion; therefore when Ammon and his breth-
ren saw this great work, of destruction, they were moved with
compassion, and they said unto the king, Let us gather together
this people of the Lord, and let us go down to the land of
Zarahemla, to onr brethren, the Nephites, and flee out of the
hands of our enemies, that we be not destroyed. But the king
said unto them, Behold, the Nephites will destroy us, because
of the many murders and sins we have committed against
them, And Ammon said, I will go and inquire of the Lord, and
ff he say unto us, Go down unto our brethren, will ye go?
And the king said unto him, yea: if the Lord saith unto us, Go,
we will go down unto our brethren, aud we will be their slaves
until we repair unto them the many murders and sins which
we have committed against them. But Arumoa said unto him,
Tt is against the law of our brethren, which was established by
my father, that there should be any slaves among them; there-
fore let us go down and rely upon the mercies of our brethren.
But the king said unto him, inquire of the Lord, and if he saith
unto us, Go, we will go; otherwise we will perish in the land.

2. And it came to pass that Amnon went and inquirod of
the Lord, and the Lord aaid unto him, Get this people out of
this land, that they perish not, for satan has great hold on the
hearts of the Amalekites, who do stir up the Lamanites to an-
ger against their brethren, to slay them; therefore get thee out
of this land; and blessed are this. people in this generation; for
I will preserve them.

3. And now it came to pass that Ammon went and told the
king ll the words which the Lord had said unto him. And

 

 

 
