280 BOOK OF ALMA. [onar. xv.

will give us a portion of their substance to assist us, that we
may maintain our armies.

& Now it came to pass that when Ammon had heard this,
he retuned to the people of Anti-Nephi-Lehi, and also Alma
with him, into the wilderness, whence they had pitched their
tents,and made known unto them all these things. And Alma
also related unto them his conversion with Ammon, and Aaron
and iis brethren. And it came to pass that it did ‘cause great
joy among them. “And they went down into’ the land of
Jershon, and took possession uf the land of Jershon; and they
were culled by the Nephites the people of Ammon; therefore
they were distinguished Ly that name ever after; and they
were among the people of Nephi, and also numbered among
the people who, were of the church of God. And they were
also distinguished for their zeal towards God, and also towards
men; for they were perfectly honest and upright in all things;
and they were firm in the fuith of Christ, even unto the end.
And they did look upon shedding the blood of their brethren
with the greatest abliorrence; and they never could be pre-
vailed upon to take up arms against their brethren; and they
never did look upon death with any degree of terror for their
hope and views of Christ and the resurrection; therefore death
was swallowed up to them by the vietory of Christ over it:
therefore they would sufler death in the niost aggravating and
distressing manner which could be inflicted by their brethren,
before they would take the sword or the cimeter to smite them:
And thus they were a zealous aud beloved people, a highly
favored people of the Lord.

9. And now it came 1p pass that after the people of Ammon
were established in the land of Jershon, and a church also
established in the land of Jershon; and the armies of the
Nephites were set round about the land Jershon; yea, in all
the borders round about the lund of Zarahemla; behold the
armies of the Lamanites had followed their brethren into the
wilderness. And thus there was 4 tremendous battle: yea,
even such an one as never had been known among all the peo-
ple in the land from the time Lehi left Jerusalem; yea, and
tens of thousands of the Lamanites were slain and scattered
abroad. Yea, and also there was a tremendous slaughter
‘among the people of Nephi; nevertheless, the Lamanites were
driven and scattered, and the people of Nephi returned again
to their land. And now this was a time that there was a great
mourning and lamentation heard throughout all the land among
ai the people of Nephi; yea, the cry of widows mouraing for
sheir husbands, and also'of fathers mourning for their sons, and

  

 

   

 

 
