282 BOOK OF ALMA. (cmap. xv.

just God, for I know he granteth unto men according to their
desire, whether it be unto death or unto life; yea, I know that
he allotteth unto men, according to their wills; whether they
‘be unto salvation or unto destruction; yea, and I know that
good and evil come before all men; or he that knoweth not
good from evil is blameless; but he that knoweth good and evil,
fo him it is given according to his desires; whether he desireth
good or evil, life or death, joy or remorse of conscience.
12, Now seeing that I know these things, why ehould I
desire more than to perform the work to which I have been
called? Why should I desire that I was an angel, that I could
speak unto all the ends of the earth? For behold, the Lord
oth grant unto alt natione, of their own nation and tongue, to
‘each his word: yea, in wisdom, all that he seeth fit that they
should have; therefore we see that the Lord doth counsel in
wisdom, according to that which ia just and true. I know that
which the Lord hath commanded me, and I glory in it: I do not
slory of myself, but I glory in that which the Lord hath com-
manded me; yea, and this is my glory, that perhaps I may be am
instrument in the hands of God, to bring some soul to repentance :
and this is my joy. And behold, when I see many of my breth-
sen truly penitent, and coming to the Lord their God, then is my
soul filled with joy; then do I remember what the Lord has done
for me; yea, even that he hath heard my prayer; yea, then do J
vemember his merciful arm which he extended towards me; yea,
and J also remember the captivity of my fathers; for I surely do
Inow that the Lord did deliver them out of bondage, and by this
id establish his church; yea, the Lord God, the God of Abra-
ham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, did deliver them
out of bondage; yea, I have alwaya remembered the captivity of
my fathers; and that same God who delivered them out of the
hands of the Egyptains, did deliver them out of bondage; yea,
and that same God did establish his church among them} yea,
and that same God bath called me by a holy calling. to preach
the word unto this people, and hath given me much success, in
the which my joy is full: but Ido not joy in my own success
alone, but my joy is more full because of the success of my
brethten, who have been up to the land of Nephi. Behold,
they have labored exceedingly, and have brought forth much
frnit: and how great shall be their reward. Now when I think
of the sucess of these my brethren, my soul is carried away,
even to the separation of it from the body, as it were, so great
fa my joy.
13. And now may God grant unto these my brethren, that
‘they may sit down in the kingdom of God; yea, and algo all
