‘OnAP. xv] BOOK OF ALMA. 283

those who are the fruit of their labors that they may go no more
out, but that they may praise him forever. And may God grant
that it may be done according to my words, even as I have
epoken, Amen. .

CHAPTER XVI.

1, BEHOLD, now it came to that after the people of
Aramon were established in the land of Jerahon, year and. also
after the Lamanites were driven out of the land, and their dead
were buried by the people of the land. Now their dead were
not numbered, because of the greatness of their numbers,
neither were the dead of tho Nephites numbered. But it came
to pass after they had buried their dead, and also afer the
days of fasting, and mourning, and prayer, (and it wes in the
sixtecuth year of the reign of the Judges over the people of
Nephi), there began to be continual peuce throughout all the
land, yeu, and the people did observe to keep the command-
ments of the Lord; and they were atrict in observing the
ordinances of God, according to the law of Moses: for they
were taught to keep the law of Moses, until it should be ful-
filled; and thus the people did Lave no disturbance in all the
sisweonth year of the reign of the Judges over the people of
phi.

2. And it came to paas in the seventeenth year of the reign
of the Judges, there was continual peace. But it came to pasa
{n the latter end of the seventeenth year, there came a man into
the land of Zarahemla; and he was Anti-Christ, for he began to
preach unto the people against the prophecies which had been
spoken by the propheta concerning the coming of Christ. Now
there was no law against a man's belief; for it was strictly con
trary to the commands of God, that there should be x law
which should bring men on to unequal grounds. For thus
saith the seripture, Choose ye this day whom ye will serve.
Now if a man desired to sérve God, it was his privilege, or
rather if he believed in God, it was luis privilege to serve him;
but if he did not believe in him, there was no law to punish
him. But if he murdered, he was punished unto death: and if
he robbed, he was also punished; and if he stole, he was alo
puniehed; and ifhe committed adultery, he was also punished;
Yea, lor all this wickedness, they were punished; for there was
‘a law that men should be judged according to their crimes.
Nevertheless, there was no law against a man's belief; there-

 
