284 BOOK OF ALMA. [cwae, xvee

fore. a man was punished only for the crimes which he had
done; therefore all men were on equal grounds. And this
Anti-Christ, whose name was Korihor, (and the law could have
no hold upon him), began to preuelt unto the people, that there
should be uo Christ. And after this manner did le preach,
saying: O ye that arc bound down under a foolish and vain
lope, why do ye yoke yourselves with such foolish thins?

hy do ye look for a Christ? For no man can know of any
thing which is to come. Behold, theso things which ye call
prophecies, which ye sy are handed down by holy prophet,
behold, they are foolish traditions of your fathers. How do ye
know of their surety? Behold, ye cannot know of things
which ye do not see; therefore ye cannot know that there shall
be a Christ. Ye look forward and say, that ye ace a remission
of your sius, But behold, it is the effect of a phrensied mind:
and this derangement of your minds comes because of the
traditions of your fathers, which lead you away into a belief of
things which are uot so. And many more such things did he
say unto them, telling them that there could be no atonement
made for the ‘sins of men, but every man fared in this life,
according to the management of the creature; theretore every
man prospered according to his genius, and that every man con-
quered according to his strength; and whatsoever a man did,
was no crime. And thus he did preach unto them, leading
‘away the hearts of many, causing them to lift up their heads in
their wickedness; yea, leading away many women, and also
men, to commit whoredoms; telling them that when & man was
dead, that was the end thereof.

3. Now this man went over to the land of Jershon atso, to
preach these things among the people of Ammon, who were
once the people of the Lamanites. But behold, they were more
wise tiatt many of the Nephites; for they took him, and bound
him, and carried him before Ammon, who was a high priest
over that people.

4. And it came to pass that he caused that he should be ear-
ried out of the lund. “And he came over into the land of Gideon,
and began to preach unto them also; and here he did not have
mucli success, for he was taken and bound, and carried before
the high priest, and algo the chief judge over the land,

5. And it came to pass that the high priest said unto him,
‘Why do ye go about porverting the ways of the Lord? Why
do ye teach this poople that there shall be no Christ, to inter-
rupt their rejoicings? Why do ye speak against all the proph-
ecies of the holy prophets? Now the high priest’s name was
Giddonah. And Korihor said unto him, Because I do not teach

 

 

  

 
