OHAP. XVL] BOOK OF ALMA. 287

yo will atill resist the spirit of the truth, that thy soul may be
destroyed. But behold, it is better that thy soul should be lost,
than that thou shouldest be the means of bringing many souls
down to destruction, by thy lying and by thy flattering words;
therefore if thou shalt deny again, behold, God shall smite thee,
that thou halt become dumb, that thon'shalt never open thy
mouth any more, that thou shalt not deceive this people any
more. Now Korihor said unto him, do not deny the exist-
ence of a God, but I do not believe that there is a God; and I
say also, that ye do not know that there is a God; and except
ye shew me sign, I will not believe. Now Alma said unto
him, This will I give unto thee for a sign, that thou shalt be
struck dumb, according to my words; and I say, thet ia the
name of God, ye shall be struck dumb, that ye shall no more
have utterance. Now when Alma had said these words, Kori-
hor was struck dumb, that he could not have utterance accord-
ing to the words of Alma. And now when the chief judge saw
this, he put forth his hand and wrote unto Korihor, saying: Art
thou convineed of the power of God? In whom did ye desire
that Alma should shew forth his sign? Would ye that he
shonid affict others, to shew unto thee a sign? Behold, he has
showed unto you a sign; and now will ye dispute more? And
Korihor put forth his hand, and wrote, saying: I know that I
am dumb, for I cannot speak; and I know that nothing, save it
were the power of God, could bring this upon me; yea, and I
also knew that there was a God. But, behold the devil hath
deceived me; for he appeared unto me in the form of an angel,
and said unto me, Go and reclaim thia people, for they have all
fone astray after an unknown God, And he wid unto me,
here is no God; yea, and he taught mo that which I should
say. And I have taught his words; and I taught them, because
they were pleasing unto the carnal mind; and I taught them,
even until I had much success, insomuch that I verily believed
that they were true; and for this cause, I withstood the truth,
even until I have brought this great curse upon me. Now when
he had said this, he besought that Alma should pray unto God,
that the curse might be taken from him. But Alma said unto
him, If this curse should be taken from thee, thon wouldest
again lead away the hearts of this people; therefore, it shall be
unto thee, even as the Lord wil. .

9. And it camo to pass that the curse was not taken off of
Korihor; but he was cast out, and went about from house to
house, begging for his food, Now the knowledge of what had
happened unto Korihior, was immediately published throughout
all the land; yea, the proclamation was sent forth by the chief
