292 BOOK OF ALMA. fouar. xvi

stretched forth his hand, and cried unto those whom he beheld,
who were truly penitent, and said unto them, I behoid that ye
are lowly in heart; and if so, blessed are ye. Behold thy
brother hath said, What shall we do? for wo are cast out. of
our synagogues, that we cannot worship our God. Behold, I
say unto you, Do ye suppose that ye cannot worship God, save
it Le in your synagogues only? ‘And moreover. I would ask,
Do ye sippose that ye must not worship God only once in &
week? I'say unto you, It is well that ye are cast out of your
synagogues, that ye may be humble, and that ye may learn
wisdom; for it is necessary that ye should learn wisdom; for it
is because that ye are cast out, that ye are despised of your
bretliren, becanae of your exceeding poverty, that ye are
brought to a lowliness of heart; for ye are necessarily brought
to be humble. And now because ye are compelled to be
humble, biessed are yo; for a man sometimes, if he is compelled
to be humble, seckcth repentance; and now surely, whosoever
Fepenteth shall tint mercy; and’ he that findeth’ mercy and
eadureth to the end, the same shall be saved.

20. And uow as | said unto you, that because ye were com-
pelied to Le hutnble, ye were blessed, do ye not suppose that
they are more blessed who troly humble themselves because
of the word? Yea, he that truly humbleth himself and repent-
eth of his sing, aud endureth to the end, the same shall be
blessed; yea, much more blessed than they who are compelled
to be Iniible, because of their exceeding poverty; therefore
blessed ure they who humble themselves without. being com-
pelied to be humble; or rather, in other words, blessed is he
that helieveth in the word of God, and is baptized without
stubbornness of heart; yea, without being brought to know
the word, or even compelled to know, before they will believe,
Yea, there are many wito do say; If thou wilt shew unto us a
sign from heaven, then we shall know of a surety; then we
shall believe, Now I ask is this faith? Behold, I say unto
ay: for if a man knoweth @ thing, he hath no cause to
believe, for be knoweth it. And now how much more cursed
is he that’knoweth the wit! of God and doeth it not, than he
that only believeth, or only hath cause to believe, and falleth
into tra.. Akow of this thing, ye must judge, Behold
Tsay unto you, tha. it is on the one hand, even aa it is on the
other; and it shall be unto every man according to his work.

21. And now as I said concerning faith: Faith, is not to have
& perfect knowledge of things; therefore if' ye have faith, ye
hope for things which are not seen, which are true. And now,
behold, I say unto you; and I would that ye sbould remember

 

  

   
