296 BOOK OF ALMA. [cuar. xvi.

understood the meaning of those things, and this because of the
hardness of their hearts, Bu there were many who were so
hardened thet they would not look; therefore they perished.
Now the resson they would not look, was because they did not
believe that it would heal them, O my bretliren, if ¥e could
be healed by merely casting ubout your eyes, that ye might be
healed, would ye not behold quickly, or would ye rather harden
your hearts in ‘unbelief, and be slothful, that ye would not cast
about your eyes, that ye might perish? IF 80, wo shall come
upon you; but if not s0, then east about your eyes and begin to
believe in the Son of God, that he will come to redeem his
people, and that he shall suffer und die to atone for their sins; aud
that he shall rise aguiv from the dead, which shall bring to pass
the resurrection, that all men shail’ stand before him. w be
judged, at the last and judgment day, accordiug to their works,
‘And uow my brethren, I desire that ye shall plant this word in
your hearts, and as jt beginneth tw sivell, even so nourish it by
Jour faith. " And behold, it will become a tree, springing up in
You unto everlasting life, And then may God grant unto you
that your burdens may be light, through the joy of his Son.
‘And even all this can ye do, if ye will. Amen.

21, And now it came to pass that after Alma had spoken
these words unto them, he sat down upon the ground, and
Aniulek arose and began to teach them, saying, My brethren, €
think that it is impossible that ye should be ignorant of th
‘things which have been spoken concerning the coming of Christ,
who is taught by us w be the Son of God; yea, I know that
these things were taught unto you, honntifully, before your dis-
sension from among us, and as ye ‘huve desired of my beloved
brother, that he should make known unto you what ye should
do, because of your affiictions; and he hath spoken somewhat
‘unto you to prepure your minds; yea, and he hath exhorted you
‘unto faith, and to patience; yea, even that ye would have so
much faith ax even to plant the word in your hearts, that ye
may try the experiment of ils goodness; and we have beheld
that the great question whieh is in your minds, is whether the
word he in the Son of God, or whether there shall be no Christ,
also beheld that my brother has proven unto you, in
jauces, that the word is in Christ, uuto salvation, My
brother has called upon the words of Zenos, that redemption
cometh through tie Son of God, and also upon the words of
Zenock: and also he has appealed unto Moaes, to prove that
these things are true. And now behold, I will testify unto you
of myself, that these things are true. Behold, I say unto you,
that Ido know that Christ shall come amoug the children of

 

  

 
