302 BOOK OF ALMA. {onar. xwxz.

yea, and in fine, 20 great had been my iniquities, that the very
thought of coming into the presence of my God, did rack nay
aoul with inexpressible horror. O, thought I, that I could be bara—
ished and become extinct both soul and body, that I might not
be brought to stand in the presence of my God, to be judged of
my deeds. And now, for three days and three nights was I
racked, even with the pains of a damned soul.

3. And it came to pass that as I was thus racked with tor-
ment, while I was harrowed up by the memory of my many
sins. behold, I remembered also to have heard my father prophesy
unto the people, concerning the comming of one Jesus Christ, a
Son of God, to atoue for the sins of the world, Now as my
mind eaugh hold upon this thought, { cried within my heart,
0 Jesus, thou Son of God, have mercy o: me, who art in the
gall of bitterness, and art encircled about by the everlasti
chains of death, And now behold, when I thought this,
could remeinber my pains no more; yea, | was harrowed up by
the memory of my sins no more. 'And’O, what joy, and what
niarvelows light I did behold: yea, my sonl was filled with joy
as exceeding as was my pain; yea, I say unto you, my son,
that there conld be nothing so exquisite and so bitter as was my:
pains. Yea, and again I say unto you, my son, that on the
other hand, there can be nothing 80 exquisite and sweet as
was iny joy: yea, methonght I saw even as our father Lehi
eaw, (od sitting upon his throne, surrounded with numberless
concourses of angels, in the attitude of singing and praising their
God; yea, and my soul did long to be there. But behold, my
limbs did receive their strength aguin, and 1 stood upon my feet,
and did manifest unto the people that [ had been boro of God:
yea, and from that time, even until now, [ have labored with-
out ceasing, that I might bring souls unto repentance; that I
might bring them to taste of the exceeding joy of which I did
taste; that they might also be born of God, and be filled with
the Holy Ghost Yea, and now behold, O my son, the Lord
doth give exceeding great joy in the fruit of my labors; for
becanse of the word which he has imparted unto me, behold,
many have been born of God, and have tasted as T have tasted,
and have seen eye to eye, as 1 have seen; therefore they do
know of these things of which I have spoken, as I do know;
and the knowledge which T have is of God.

4. And [ have been supported under trials and troubles of
every kind, yea, in all manner of afflictions; yea, God has
delivered mé from prison, and from bonds, and ftom death;
yea, and I do pnt my trust in him, and he will still deliver me;
and I know that he will raise me up at the last day, to dwell

 

 
