omar. xvint.) BOOK OF ALMA. 307

and were afflicted with hunger and thirst, because of their
transgressions.

13. And now my son, 1 would that ye should understand
that these things are not without a shadow; for as our fathers
were slothful to give heed wo this compass, (now these things
were temporal), they did not prosper; even so it is with things
Which are spiritual. For beliold, it is as ¢asy to give heed to
the word of Christ, which will point to you a straight course
to eternal bliss, as it was for our fathers to give heed to this
compass, which would point unto thew a straight course, to the
promised land. And uow I say, is there not a type in this
thing? For just as surely as this director did bring our fathers,
by following its course, to the promised land, shall the words of
Christ, if we follow their course, carry us beyond this vale of
sorrow, into a tar better land of promise.

14. 0 my sou, do not let us be slothful because of the eas
ness of the way: for so was it with our fathers; for go was it
prepared for them, that if they would look, they might live;
even so it is with us. ‘The way is prepared, und if we will look,
we may live forever. And now my son, see that _ye take care
of those sacred things; yea, see that ye look to Grod and live.
Go unto this people, and declare the word, and be sober. My
eon, farewell.

 

 

CHAPTER XVIIL
The commandments of Alma, to his son, Shiblon,

1. My son, give ear to my words; for I say unto you, even
es Tsaid unto Helaman, that inasmuch as ye shall keep the
‘commandments of God, ye shall prosper in the land; and inas-
much as ye will not keep the commandments of God, ye shall
be cast off from his presence. And now my son, I trust that {
shall have great joy in you, because of your steadiness and your
faithfulness unto God; for as you have commenced in your
youth, to look to the Lord your God, even so I hope that vou
will continue in Keeping his commandments: for blessed is’ ho
that endureth to the end. I say unto you my son, that I lave
had great joy in theo already, because of thy faithfulness, snd
thy diligence, and thy patience, and thy long suffering among
tue people of the Zoramites, “For I know that thou wast in
bonds; yea, and I also knew that thou wast stoned for the word's
sake; and thou didst bear all these things with patience, becuuse
the Lord was with thee; and now thou knowest that the Lord
did deliver thee.
