308 bOUK OF ALMA. [ouar. xxx.

2. And now my son Shiblon, I would that ye should remem-
ber that as mueh as ye shall put your trust in God, even so
much: ye shall be delivered out of your trials, and your troubles,
and your afflictions; and ye shall be lifted up at the last day.
Now my son, I would not that ye should think that I know
these things of myseif, but it is ‘the Spirit of God which is in
me, which waketh these things known unto me: for if [ bad
hot een Lorn of God, { should not have known these things.
But belold, the Lord in his grest mercy sent his angel to
declare unto me, Guat 1 must stop the work of destruction
among his people; yea, and I have seen an angel face to face;
and he spake with me, and his voice was as thunder, and it
shook the whole earth.

3. And it came to puss that I was three days and three nights
in the most bitter pain and anguish of soul; and never, until I
did cry out nato the Lord Jesus Clirist for merey, did I receive
a remission of my sins. But bebold. I did ery unto bim, and I
did find peace to my soul. And wow my son, [have told you
this. that ve may Icarn wisdom, that ye may learn of me that
there is uo other way nor means whereby man can be saved,
oniy in and through Christ. Beliold, he is the life and the light
of the world, Behold, Le is the word of truth and riglteous-
ness. Anil now, a8 ye have begun to teach the word, even so
I would that ye should continue to teach; and I would that ye
‘would be diligent and temperate in all things. See that ye are
not lifted up unto pride: yea, see that ye do not boast in your
own wisdom, nor of your mnch strengtit; use boldness, but not
overbearance; and also see that ye bridle all your passions, that
ye may be tilled wich love: sec that ye reffain from idleness;
do not pray xx tie Zoramites do, tor ye have seen that they
pray to he heard of men, and to be praised tor their wisdom.
Do not say. O God, I thank thee that we are betier than our
brethren: but rather say, O Lord, forgive my unworthiness, and
remember my brethren in merey; yea, acknowledge your
unworthiness before God at all times. “And may the Lord bless
your soul. aud receive you at the last day into his kingdom, to
sit down in peace. Now go, my son, and teach the word unto
tits people. Be sober. My son, farewell.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

CHAPTER XIX.
The commandments of Alma, to his son, Corianton.

1, AND now my son, I have somewhat more to say unto thee
than what I ssid unto thy brother: for behold, have ye not
