CHAP, xIx.} BOOK OF ALMA. 309

observed the steadiness of thy brother, his faithfulness, and his
diligence in keeping the commandments of God. Behold, as
he not set a good example for thee? For thou didst not give
o much heed unto my words as did thy brother, among the
people of the Zoramites. Now this is what I have aguinst thee;
thou didst go on unto boasting in thy strength, and thy wisdom.
And this is not all, my sou, ‘Thou didst do that which was
grievous unto me; for thou didst forsake the ministry, and did
go over into the land of Siron, among the bordera of the Lantan-
ites, aftor the harlot Isabel; yea, she did steal away the hearts
of many; but this was no excuse for thee, my gon, Thou
ahouldst lave tended to the ministry, wherewith thou wast en-
trusted. Know ye not, my on, that these things are an abomin-
ation in the sight of the Lord; yea, most abominable above
all sius, save it be the siedding of innocent blood, or denying
the Holy Ghost? For behold, if ye deny the Holy Ghost when
it once has had place in you, and ye know that ye deny it;
behold, this isu sin which is’ unpardonable; yea, and whioso-
ever murdereth against the light and knowledge of God, it is
not eaay for him to qbtain forgiveness; yea, I say unto you, ny
gon, that it i not easy for him to obtain a forgiveness. And
now my sou, I would to God that ye hud not been guilty of 80
great a crise, 1 would not dwell upon your crimes, to harrow
up your soul, if it were not for your good. But behold, ye
caniiot hide your crimes from God; and except ye repent, they
will stand ng a testimony against you at the last day.

2. Now, my son, I would that ye shonld repent, and forsake
Four sing, and go no more after tlie lusts of your eyes, but cross
Yourself iu all these things; for exept ye do this, ye'can in no
wise inherit the kingdom ‘of God. 0! remember, and take it
upon you, and cross yourself in these things, And I command
you to take it upon you to counsel your elder brothers in your ”
undertakings; for behold, thou art in thy youth, and ye stand in
need to be nourished by your brothers. And give heed to their
counsel; suffer not yourself to be led away by any vain or foolish
thing; suifer not that the devil lead away your heart again, after
those wicked barlots, Behold, 0 my son; how great iniquity ye
brought upon the Zoramites: for when they saw your conduct,
they would not believe in my words. And now the Spirit of
tho Lord doth say unto me. command thy children to do good,
lest tirey lead away the hearts of many people to destruction:
therefore I command you, my son, in the fear of God, that you
refrain from your iniqnities; that ye turn to the Lord with all
your mind, might and strength; that yo lead away the hearts of
no more, to do wickedly; but rather return unto them, and

 

 

   

   
