‘OBAP. XIX.) BOOK OF ALMA. 313

and if their works are evil, they shall be restored unto him for
“evil: theretore, all things shall be restored to their proper order;
everything to its natural frame; mortality raised to immortality;
corruption to incorruption; raised to enuless ltappiness, to
inherit the kingdom of God, or to endless misery, to inlerit the
kingdom of the devil; the one on the one hand, the otler on
the other; the one raised to happiness, according to his desires
of happiness; or good, according to his desires of good; and the
other to evil, uccording to his desires of evil; for ag he hea
desired to do ‘evil all the day long, even go shall he have nis
reward of evil, when the night cometh. And so it is on the
other hand. The hath repented of his sins, and desired right-
eousness until the end of his Guys, even go shall lie be rewarded
unto righteousness, ‘These are they that are redeemed of the
Lord: yea, these are they that are taken out, that are delivered
from tat endless night of darkness; and thus they stand or fall;
for behold, they are their own judges, whether to do good or do
evil. Now the decrees of God ure unalterable; therefore the
way is prepared, that whosoever will, may walk therein and be
saved. And now behold, my son, do'not risk one more offence
against your God upon those points of doctrine, which ye have
hitherto risked to commit sin, Do not suppose, becanse it has
beon spoken concerning restoration, that yeshall be restored from
sin to happiness, Behold I say unto you, wickedness never
was happiness.
9. And now, my aon, all men that are in a state of nature, or
I would say, in a carnal state, are in the gall of biuterness, and
in the bonds of iniquity; they are without God in the world,
and they Lave gone contrary to the nature of God; therefore
they are in a state contrary to the mature of happiness, And
now behold, is the meaning of the word restoration, to take a
thing of a natural state, and place it in an nomatural state, or to
place it in a state opposite to its nature? O, my son, this is uot
the case; but tle meaning of the word restoration, is to bring
back again evil for evil, or carnal for earnal, or devilish for
devilish; good for that which is good; righteous for that whieh is
righteous; just for that which is just; mercifid for that whieh
is merciful; therefore, my son, seo that ye aro merciful unto
your brethren; deal justly, judge righteously, and do zood con-
tiunally; and if ye do all these things, then shall ye recive your
reward; yea, ye shall havo mercy restored unto you again;
ye shall liave justice restored unto you again; ye shall have
Tighteoua judgment restored unto you aguin; and ye shall have
good rewanied unto you again; for that which ye do send out,
hall return unto you again, and be restored; therefore the

  

 
