314 BOOK OF ALMA [cuar. xix.

word restoration, more fully condemmeth thesinner, and justitieth
him not at all.

10. And now, my son, I perceive there is somewhat more
which doth worry your mind, which ye cannot understand.
which is concerning the justice of God, in the punishment of
the sinner: for ye do try to suppose that it is injustice that the
sinuer should be consigned to & state of misery. Now behold,
my son, I will explain this thing unto thee: for behold, after
the Lord God sent our first parenta forth ftom the garden of
Edeu to till tie ground, from whence they were taken; yea, he
drew out the man, and he placed at the east end of the garden,
of Eden, Cherubim, and a flaming sword which turned every
way, to keep the tree of life. Now we see that the man hath
Lecome as God, knowing good and evil; und lest he should pus
forth hiig band, und take also of the tree of life, and eat, and live
forever, the Lord God placed Cherubim and flaming sword.
that lie should not partake of the iruit; and thus we gee, that
tixere was a time granted unto man, to repent, yea, a probation-
ary time, a timo to repent and serve God. For beliold, if Adam
dad put forth bis hand immediately, aud partook of the tree of
life, lie would have lived forever, according to the word of Gad,
having no apace for repentance; yea, and also the word of
God would have been void, and the great plan of salvation
would have been frustrated. | But behold it was appointed unto
man to die; therefore us they were cut off from the tree of life,
they should be cut off from the face of the earth; and isan: be-
came lost forever; yea, they became fallen man,

11. And now We sce by this, that our first parents were
ent off, both temporally and spiritually, from the presence
of the Lord: and thus we sce they became subjects to fol-
Jow after their own will. Now behold, it was not expedient
that man should be reclaimed from this temporal death, for
that would destroy the great plan of happiness; therefore,
as the soul could never die, and the fall had brought upon
all mankind a spiritual death as well as a temporal; that
is, they were cut off from the presence of the Lord; it was
expedient that mankind should be reclaimed from this apiritual
death; as they had been carnal, sensual aud devilish, by nature,
this probutionary state became’s state for them to prepare; it
became a preparatory state. And now remember, my son, if it
wero not for the plan of redemption, (laying it aside), as soon
as they were dead, their souls were miserable, being ent off
from the presence of the Lord. And now there was no means
to reelaim men from this fallen state which man had brought
‘upon himself, because of his own disobedience; therefore,

 

 
