oar. xx.) BOOK OF ALMA. 317

than the Lamanites were, in and of themselves, therefore Zera-
hemnali appointed chief captains over the Lamanites, and they
were all the Amalekites and Zoramites. Nov this he did, that
he might preserve their hatred towards the Nephives; that he
might briug them into subjection, w the accomplishment of
ix designs; for beliold, his designs were to stir up the Laman-
ites to anger ugainst the Nephites; this he did that he might
usurp great power over them; and also that he might gain
power over the Nephites by bringing them intw bonduge. ke.
And now the design of the Nephites was to support their lauds,
and their houses, and their wives and their children, that they
might preserve them from the hands of their enomies, and also
that they might preserve their rights and their privileges; yea,
and aiso their liberty, that they might worship God according
to their desires; for they knew that if they should fill into the
hands of the Lamanites, tat whosoever should worship God, in
spirit and in truth, the true and the living God, the Lainauites
would destroy; yea, and they aleo knew the extreme hatred of,
the Lamanites towards their brethren, who were the people of
Anti-Nephi-Lehi; who were ‘called the people of Ammon; and
they would not take up arms; yea, they had entered into a
covenant, and they would not break it; therefore if they should
fall into the handa of the Lamanites, they would be destroyed.
And the Nephites would not suffer that they should be destroy-
ed; therefore they gave them land for their inheritance. And
the people of Ammon did give unto the Nephites a large por-
tion of their substance, to support their armies; and thus the
Nephites were compelled, alone, to withstand against the
Lamanites, who were a compound of Laman and Lemuel. and
the sons of Ishmael, and all those who had dissented from the
Nephites, who were Amalekites, and Zoramites, and the descend-
ants of the priests of Noali. Now those descendanta were a8
numerous, nearly, as were the Nephites; and thus the Nephites
were obliged to contend with their brethren, even unto blood-
shed.

. And it came to pass as the armies of the Lamanites had
gathered together in the laud of Antionum, hebold the armies of
the Nephites were prepured to meet them in the land of Jer-
shon, Now the leader of the Nephites, or the man who had
been appointed to be chief captain over the Nephites: Now
the chief captain took the command of all the armies of the
Nephites: and his name was Moroni; and Moroni took all the
command, and the governments of their wars. And he was
only twenty and five years old wlien he was uppointed chief
captain over the armies of the Nephites.

 

 
