318 + BOOK OF ALMA. [onar. xx.

4. And it came to pasa that he met the Lamanites in the
dorders of Jershon, and his people were armed with swords,
and with cimeters, aud all manner of weapons of war. And
when the armies’ of the Lamanites saw that the people of
Nephi, or that Moroni had prepared his people with breast-
plates. and with arm-shields; yea, and also shields to defend
their heads; and also they were dressed with thick clothing.
Now the uriny of Zerahemuah was not prepared with any such,
thing. They bad only their swords, and their cimeters, their
bows and their arrows, their stones and their slings; but they
were waked, save it were a skin which was girded about their
loins; yea, all were naked, suve it were the Zoramites and the
Amalekites. But they were not armed with breast-plates, nor
shields; therefore they were exceeding afraid of the armies of
the Nephites, because of their armor, notwithstanding their
number being so much greater than the Nephites.

5. Bohold, now it came to pasa. that they durst not come
‘against the Nephites in the borders of Jershon; therefore they
departed out of the land of Autionum, into the wilderness, and
took their jonrney round about in the wilderness, away by the
head of the river Sidon, that they might come into the land of
Manti, and take possession of the nud; for they did not suppose
that the armies of Moroni would know whither they had gone.
But it came to pass, as soon as they had departed into the wil
derness, Moroni sent. spies into the wilderness, to watch their
camp; and Moroni, also, knowing of the prophecies of Alma,
sent certain men wnto him, desiring him that he should inquire
of the Lord whether the armies of the Nephites should go, to
defend themselves azainst the Lamunites. And it came to pass
that the word of the Lord came unto Alma, and Alma informed
the messenger of Moroni that the armies of the Lamanites were
marching round about in the wilderness, that they might come
over into the land of Manti, that they might commence an
attack upon the more weak part of the people. And those
messengers went and delivered the message unto Moroni,

6. Now Moroni, leaving » part of his army in the land of
Jorshon, lest by any means, a part of the Lamanites should
come into that laud and take possession of the city, took the
remainder part of his army and inarehed over into the land of

   

 

 

 

Munti. And he caused that all the people in that quarter of
the lind, shonld gather themselves together to battle, against

 

the Lamanites, to defend their lands and their country, their
rights and their liberties; therefore they were prepared against
the time of the coming of the Lamanites. Awl it came to pass,
that Moroni canged that hie army sliould be,secreted in the

 

 
