CHAP. XX.] BOOK OF ALMA. 319

valley which was masr the bank of the river Sidon, which was
on the west of the river Sidon, in the wilderness, “And Moroni
placed spies round about, that he might know when the camp
of the Lauunites should come.

7. And now as Moroni kuew the intention of the Lamaoites,
that it waa their intention to destroy their brethren, or to sub-
ject them and bring them into bondage, that they might estab-
ish a kingdom unto themselves, over all the land; and he also
knowing that it was the only desire of the Nephites to preserve
their lands, and their liberty. and their chureli, therefore he
thought it no sin that le abould defend them by stratagem;
therefore he found, by his spies, which course the Lamanites
Were to take. Therefore he divided his army, and brought a
part over into the valley, aud concealed them on the east, and
on the south of the hill Riplah; and the remainder le concealed
in the west valley, on the west of the river Sidon, and so down
into the borders of the land Manti, And thns having placed
his army according to his desire, he was prepared to meet

em.

8. And it came to pass that the Lamanites came up on the
north of the hill where a part of the army of Moron
cealed. And as the Lamanites had passed the hill Riplah, and
come into the valley, and began to cross the river Sidon, the
army which was concealed on the south of the hill, whieh was
Jed by a man whose name was Lehi; and he led his army forth
and encircled the Lamanites about, on the east in their rear,

9. And it came to pass that the Lamanites, when they saw
the Nephites coming upon them in their rear, turned’ them
about, and began to contend with the army of Lehi; and the
work’ of death commenced, on both sides; but it was more
dreadful on the part of the Lumanites; for their nakedness was
exposed to the heavy blows of thle Nephites, with their swords
and their cimetera, which brought death almost at every stroke;
while on the other hand, there was now and then a’ man fell
among the Nephites, by their swords and the loss of blood;
they being shielded from the more vital parts of the body, or
the more vital part of the body being shielded from the strokes
of the Lamanites. by their breast-plates, and their arm-shields,
and their head-plates; aud thus the Nephites did carry on the
Work of death amoug the Lamanites, And it came to puss that
the Lamanites became frightened, because of the great destruc-
tion among them, even until they began to flee towards the
iver Sidon, And they were pursued by Lehi and his men,
and they were driven by Lehi into the waters of Sidon; and
they crossed the waters of Sidon, And Lehi retained his armies

 

   
