320 BOOK OF ALMA. [cuar. xx

upon the bank of the river Sidon, that they should not cross.

10. And it came to pass that Moroni and his army met the
Lamanites in the valley, on the other side of the river Sidon,
and began to fall upon them, and to slay them. And the
Lamanites did flee again before them, towards the land of
Manti; and they were met again by ‘the armies of Moroui.
Now in this case, the Lamanites did fight exceedingly; yea,
never had the Lamanites been known to fight with such exceed
ing rent strength aud courage; no, not even from the hegimning:;
and they were inspired by the Zoramites, and the Anulekites,
who were their chief captains and leaders, and by Zerahemnah,
who was their chief captain, or their chief leader and command-
er; yea, they did fight like dragons; and many of the Nephites
were slain by their hands: yea, for they did sinite in two many
of their head-plates; and they did pierce mauy of their breast-
plates; and they did smite off many of their arina; and thus the
Lamanites did smite in their fierce anger. Nevertheless, the
Neéphites were inspired by a better cause; for they were not
fighting for monarchy nor power; but they were fighting for
their homes, and their liberties. their wives, aud their children,
and their all; yea, for Uivir rites of worship, and their church;
and they were doitig that which they felt was the duty which
they owed to their God; for the Lord had said unto them, and
also unto their fathers, that Inasmuch as ye are not guilty of
the first offence, neither the second, ye sill not suffer your-
selves to be slain by the lands of your enemies. And again,
the Lord has said that ye shut defend yonr families, even unto
bloodshed; therefure for this eause were the Nephites contend-
ing with the Lamanites, to defend themselves, aud their families,
and their Lands, their country, and their rights, and their
religion,

11, And it came to pass that when the men of Moroni
‘saw the fiereeness and the anger of the Lamanites, they were
about to shrink and flee from them. Aud Moroni, perceiving
their intent, sent forth and inspired their hearts, with thes
thoughts; yea, the thoughts of their lands, their ‘liberty, yea,
their freedom from bondage. And it came to pass that they
tured upon the Lamanites, and they cried with one voice unto
the Lord their God, for their liberty, and their freedom from
bondage. And they began to staiid against the Lamanites with
power and in that self-sume hour that they cried uuto the Lord
for their freedom, the Lamanites began to flee Lefore them; amd
they Hed even to the waters of Sidon. Now the Lamanites
were more numerous; yea, by more ian double the number of
the Nephites; nevertheless, they were driven insomuch that

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
