322 BOOK OF ALMA. (cmap. xx.

heard these sayings, he came forth and delivered up his sword
and his cimeter, and his bow into the hands of Moroni, and said
unto him, Behold, here are our weapons of war; we will deliver
them up unto you, and we will not suffer ourselves to take an
‘oath unto you, which we know that we shall break, and also our

» children; but take our weapons of war, and suffer that we tay
depart: into the wilderness; otherwise we will retain our swords,
and we will perish or conquer, Behold, we ure not of your
faith; we do not believe thit it is God that has delivered us
into your hands; but we believe that it is your cunning that
hus preserved you from our aworda, Behold, it is your breust-
plates and your shields that have preserved you. And now
‘when Zerahemnah had made an end of speaking these words,
Moroni returned the aword, and the weapons of war which he
had received, unto Zerahemnah, saying, Behold, we will end
the conflict.’ Now I cannot retain the words which I have
spoken; therefore as the Lord liveth, ye shail not depart,
except ye depart with an oath, that ye will not teturn again
against us to war, Now as ye are in our hands, we will spill
your blood upon the ground, or ye shall submit to the coudi-
ions to which [ have proposed. "And now when Moroni lsd
said these words, Zerahemnah retained his sword, and he was
angry with Moroni and he rushed forward that he might slay
Moroni; but as he raised his sword, behold, one of Morouis
soldiers smote it even to the earth; and it broke by the hilt;
and he also smote Zerahemuah, that he took off his sealp, aod
it feli to the earth. And Zerahemmah withdrew from before
thein, into the midst of his soldiers,

14, And it came to pass that the soldier who stood by, who
emote off the scalp of Zerahemnah, took up the scalp from off
the ground, by the hair, and laid it upon the point of his sword,
and he stretched it forth unto them, saying unto them with a
Jond voice, Even as this scalp has fallen to the earth, whieh is
the scalp of your chief, so slall yo fail to.the earth, except ye
will deliver up your weapons of’ war, and depart, with a cove-
nant of peace.

15. Now there were many, when they heard these words,
and saw the scalp which was upon the sword, that were struck
with fear, and many came forth and threw down their weapons
of war, at the feet of Moroni, and entered into a covenant of
peace.’ And as many as entered into a covenant, they suffered
to depart into the wilderness.

16. Now it came to pasa that Zarabemnah was exceeding
‘wroth, and he did stir up the remainder of his soldiers to anget,
to contend more powerfully against the Nephites, And now
