CHAP. XXx1.] BOOK OF ALMA. 329

also maintain order in the church; yea, even for the space of
four years, did they have much ‘peace and rejoicing in the
ehurelt,

16. And it came to pass that there were many who died, firmly
believing that their souls were redeemed by the Lord Jesus
Christ; thus they went out of the world rejoicing. And there
were some Who died with fevers, which at some seasons of the
year were very frequent in the land; but not so much so with
fevers, becuuse of the excellent qualities of the many plants aud
roots which God lad prepared, to remove the cause of diseases
to which men were subject by the nature of the climate. But
there were many who died with old age; and those who
died in the faith of Christ, are happy in him, as we must needs
suppose. Now we will return to our record, to Amulickiah and
those who had fled with him into the wilderness: for behold,
he had taken those who went with him, and went up in the
lund of Nephi, among the Lamanites, and did stir up the
‘Tainanites to anger against the people of Nephi, insomuch that
the king of the Lamanites, sent @ proclamation throughout all
hiis land, amoug all his people, that they should gather them
selves together axain, to go to battle against the Neplites.

17. And it caine to pass that when the proclamation had
gone forth among them, they were exceeding faid: yes, they

red to displease the king, and they alo toured to go to battle
against the Nephites, least they should lose their lives. And
Wt came to pass that they would not, or the more part of them,
would not ohey the commandments of the king.

18. And now it came to pass that the king was wroth, because
of their disobedience; thereforelie gave Amalickiah the command
of that part of his army which was obedient unto his conmnands,
and commanded him that he should go forth aud compel them
to arms, Now behold, this was the desire of Amualickiuli: for
ho being a very aubtite man to do evil, therefore he laid the
plan in his heart to dethrone the king of the Lamanites, And
now he had got the command of those parts of the Lamanites
wo were in fivor of the king; and he sought to gain fivor
of those whe were not obedient; therefore he went forwanl to
the pliee which was cailed Onidah, for thither hal all the

ites fled: for they discovered the army coming, and sup-
Were comizig to destroy them, therefore they tled to
Onidal,, to the place of arms, And they had appointed a wane
to be akin aleader over them, being fixed in their minds
with a determined resolution that they would not be subjected
to go against the Nephites,

19, And it came to pass that they had gathered themselves

 

 

 

 

 

    

 
