340 BOOK OF ALMA. [owar. xxrt

which was covered with largo bodies of water, and take poa
session of tie land which was northward. And behold, they
would have carried this plan into effect, (which would’ have
‘been a cause to have been lamented), but behold, Morianton,
being a man of much passion, therefore he was angry with one
of his maid-servants, and he fell upon her, and beat her much.
‘And it came to pass’ that she tled, and came « -r to the camp
af Moroni. and told Moroni ail things concerning the mater;
and also concerning their intentions to flee into the land north-
rl. ald, the people who were in the land Bounti-
ful. or rather Moroni, feared that they would hearken lo the
words of Morianton, and unite with his people, and thus he
would obtain possession of those parts of the land, which would
lay a foundation for serious consequences among the people of
Nephi; yea, which consoquences would lead to the overthrow:
of their liberty; therefore Moroni sent an army, with their camp,
to head the people of Morianton, to stop their flight into the
Jand northwurd. And it came to pass that they did not head
them, until they had come to the borders of the land Desolation:
and there they did head them, by the narrow pass which te *
by the sea into the land uorthward; yea, by the sea, ou th

west, and on the eust.

6." And it came to pass that the army which was sent by
Moroni, which was led by a nan whose name was Teancum,
dil meet the people of Morianton; and so stubborn were the
people ot Morianton, (being inspired by his wickedness and his
flattering words), that a battle commenced between them, in the
which Teanewm did lay Morianton, and defeat his army, and
took them prisoners, and returned to the camp of Moroni. “And
thus ended the twenty and fourth year of the reign of the
uiges over the people of Nephi. And thus was the people of
Morianton brought buck. And upon their covenanting to keep
the peace, they were restored to the land of Morianton, and a
union took place between them and the people of Lehi; and
they were also restored to their lands,

7. And it came to pass that in the same year tat the people
of Nephi liad peace restored unto them, that Nephihah, the
second chief jude, died, having filled the judgment seat with
perfect uprightness before God; nevertheless, he had refused
Alma to take possession of those records and those things
which were esteemed by Alma and his fathers to be most
suered; therefore Alma had conferred them upon his son Hela-
man,

8. Behold, it cama to pass that the son of Nephihah was
appointed to fill the judgment seat. in the stead of his father;

 

 

    

 

 
