CHAP. xxii] BOOK OF ALMA. 341

yea, he was appointed chief judge, aud governor over the people,
with an oath, and sacred ordinanee (o judge righteously, and to
keep tiie peace, and the freedom of tie people, and to grant
unto them their saered privileges wo worship the Lord their
God; yea, to support and maintain the cause of God all his
days, and to bring the wicked to justice, according to their
crime. Now behold, his name waa Pahoran. And Pahoran
did All the seat of his futher, and did commence his reign in the
end of the twenty and fimrth year, over the people of Nephi.

  
   

 

CHAPTER XXIII.

1. AND now it came to pass in the commencement of the
twenty and fifth year of the reign of the Judges over the people
of Nephi, they liaving established peace between the people of
Lehi and the people of Morianton concerning their lands, and
having commenced the twenty and fifth year in y-aee; never-
theless, they did not long maintain an entire peace in the land,
for there begun to be a contention among the people concerning
the chief judge, Pahoran; for behold, there were a part of the
people who desired that a few particular points of the law
should be altered. But behold, Paioran would not alter, nor
suffer the law to be altered; therefore he «| not hearken to
those who had sent in their voices with their petitions, concern.
ing the altering of the law; therefore those who were desirous
that the law should be altered, were angry with him, and
desired that hie should no longer be chief judge over the land;
therefore there arose a warm dispute concerning the matter;
but not unto bloodshed.

2. And it came to pass that those who were desirous that
Pahoran should be dethroned from the judgment seat, were
called king-men, for they were desirous that the law ehould be
altered in a manner to overthrow the free government, and to
establish a king over the land. And those who were desirons
that Pahoran sould remain chief judge over the land, took
upon them the name of freemen; and thus was the division
among them; for the freemen had sworn or covenanted to
maintain their rights, and the privileges of their religion, by a
free government.

3. And it came to pass that this matter of their contention
was settled, by the voice of the people. And it came to pass
that the voice of the people came in favor of the freemen, and
Pahoran retainod the judgment seat, which caused much rejoic-
jing among the bretbren of Pahoran, and also many of the people

 

 
