342 BOOK OF ALMA. [owar. xxm.

of liberty; who also put the king-raen to silence, that they durst
not oppose, but were obliged to maintain the cause of freedom.
Now those who were in favor of kings, were those of high
birth; and they sought to be kings; and ‘they were supported
by those who sought power and authority over the people. But
behold, this was a critical time for such contentions to be among
the people of Nephi; for behold, Amlickiah had again stirred
up the hearts of the people of the Lamanites, against the people
of tho Nephites, and he was gathering together soldiers, from
all parts of his land, and arming them, and preparing for war.
with all diligence, for he had sworn to drink the blood of
Moroni. But behold, we shall seo that his promise which he
‘made, was rash; nevertheless, he did prepare himself and his
armies, to come to battle against the Nephites. Now his armies
were not so great as they had hitherto been, because of the
many thousands who had been slain by the hand of the Ne-
phites; but notwithstanding their great loss, Amalickiah had
gathered together a wonderful great army, fusomich that he
feared not to come down to the land of Zarahemla. Yea, even
Amalickiah did himself come down, at Uhe head of tho Laman-
ites. And it was in the twenty and 6h year of the reign of
the Judges; and it wus at the same time that they had began
to settle the affairs of their contentions concerning the chief
judge, Pahoran.

4. ‘And it came to pass that when the men who were called
King-men, had heard that the Lamanites were coming down to
battle against them, they were glad in their hearts, and they:
refused to take tp arms; for they were so wroth with the chief
judge, and also with the people of liberty, that they would not
take up arms to defend their country. And it eame to pass that
when Moroni saw this, and also saw that the Lamanites were
coming into the borders of the land, he was exceeding wroth,
because of the stubboruness of those people, whom he had
labored with so much diligence to preserve; yea, ho was ex-
ceeding wroth; his soul was filled with anger against them,
And it'came to pass that he sent a petition, with the voice o°
the people, unto the governor of the land, desiring that he
should read it, and give him, (Moroui), power to compel. those
dissenters to defend their country, or to put them to death; for
it was his first care to put. an end 'to such contentions, and’ dis-
seusions amoug the people; for behold, this had been hitherto
cause of all their destruction. And’ it came to pass that it
‘was granted, according to the voice of the people.

5. And it came to pass that Moroni commanded that his ary
should go against those king-men, to pull down their pride and

 

 

 

 
