onap. xx1v.] BOOK OF ALMA. 347

of men, and march down near the seashore; and Moroni and
his army, by night, marclied in the wilderness, on the west of
the eity Mulek; and thus, on the morrow, when the guards of
the Lamanites had discovered Teancum, they ran and told it
unto Jacob, their leader.

10. Aud’it came to puss that the armies of the Lamanites did
mareh forth against Teancum, supposing by their numbers to
overpower Teancum, beeause of the smallness of his numbers,
And as Teancum saw the armies of the Lamanites coming out
against him, he began to retreut down by the seashore north-
ward.

11, And it came to pass that when the Lamanites saw that
he began to flee, they took courage and pursued them with
vigor. And while Teaneum was thus leading away the Lainan-
ites who were pursuing the in vain, beliold, Moroni com-
manded that a part of his army who were with him, should
mareh forth into the city, and take possession of it. And thus
they did, wnd slew all those who had heen left. to protect the
city; yea, all those who would not yield up their weapons of
war. And thus Moroni had obtained possession of the city
Muiek, with a part of his army, while he marched with the
remainder to meet the Lamanites, when they should return
from the pursuit of Teancum.

12. And it came to pass that the Lamanites did pursue Tean-
eum until they came near the city Bountiful, and they were
met by Lehi, and # small army, which bad been left to protect
the city Bountiful. And now behold, when the chief captains
of the Lamanites had beheld Lehi, with his army, coming
against them, they fled in much confusion, lest perhaps they
should not obtain the city Mulek, before Lehi should overtake
them; for they were wearied because of their march, and the
men of Lehi were fresh. Now the Lamanites did not know
that Moroni had been in their rear with his army: and all they
feared, was Lehi and his men. Now Lehi was not desirous to
overtake them, till they should meet Moroni and his army.
And it came to puss that before the Lamanites hud retreated
far, they were surrounded by the Nephites; by the meu of
Moroni on one hand, aud the men of Lehi on tlie other, all of
whom were fresh and fall of strengths but the Laaanites were
wearied, because of their long march," And Moroni commanded
hig men’that they should fall upon them, until they had given
up their Weapons of war.

13. And it came to pus that Jacob, being their leader, being
also a Zoramite, and luwing an uneonquerable spirit, he led tie
Lamanives forth to battle, with exceeding fury againet Moroni.

 

 

    

  
