354 BOOK OF ALMA. [cHap. xxv.

war in unto the prisoners, insomuch that they were all armed;
yeu, even to their women, and all those of their children, as
many as were able to use 4 weapon of war; when Moroni had
armed all those prisoners. And all those things were done in
a profound silence, But had they awoke the Lamanites, behold
they were drunken, and the Nephites could have slain them.
But behold this was not the desire of Moroni, He did not
delight in mucder or bloodshed; but he delighted in the saving
of his people from destruction; ‘and for this cause he raight not
bring upon him injustice, he would not fall upon the Lammanites
and destroy them in their drunkenness. But he had obtained.
his desires; for he had armed those prisoners of the Nephites
who were within the wall of the city, and he gave them power
to gain possession of those parts which were within the walls;
and then ho caused the men who were with him, to withdraw:
apace from them, and surround the armies of the Lamanites.
Now behiold, this was dono in the night time, go that when the
Lamanites awoke’ in the morning, they beheld that they were
surrounded by the Nephites without, and that their prisoners
were armed within, Aud thus they saw that the Nephites had
power over them; and in these cireumstances they found that
It was not expedient that they should fight with the Nephites;
therefore their chief captains demanded their weapons of war,
and they brought them forth, and cast them at the feet of the
Nephites, pleading for mercy. Now behold, this was the desire
of Moroni. He took them prisoners of war, and took passeasion
of the city, and caused that all the prisoners should be liberated,
who were Nephites; and they did join the army of Moroni, and
were a great strength to his army.

8. And it came to pass that he did cause the Lamanites whom
he had taken prisoners, that they should commence a labor in
strengthening the fortifications ronnd about the city Gid. And
it eame to pass that when he had fortitied the city Gid, accord-
ing to his desires, he caused that his prisoners should be taken
to the city Bountiful. And he also guarded that city with an
exceeding strong force. And it came to pass that they did,
notwithstanding all the intrigues of the Lamanites, keep aud
protect ail the prisoners whota they had taken, and also main-
tain all the ground and the advantage which they had retaken,
And it came to pass that the Nephites began again to be vie-
torious, and to reclaim their rights and their privileges. Many
times did the Lamanites attempt to encircle them about by
night, but in these attempts they did lose many prisoners. And
many times did they attempt to adminater of their wine vo the
Nophites, that they might destroy them with poison or with

 
