358 BOOK OF ALMA. [cuap. xxvi.

pursued their march ina straight course after us: and, as we
suppose, it was their intent to alay us before Antipus should
overtake them, and this that they might not be surrounded by
our people, ‘And now Antipus, beholding our danger, did
speed the march of his army, But behold, it was night; there-
fore they did not overtake us, neither did Antipus overtake
them; therefore we did camp for the night,

6. ‘And it came to pass that before the dawn of the morning,
behold, the Lamanites were pursuing us. Now we were not
sufficiently strong to contend with them; yea, I would not suf-
fer that my little sons should fall into their hands; therefore we
did continue our march; and we took our march into the wil-
derness, Now they durst not turn to the right nor to the left,
lest they should be surrounded: neither would I tum to the
right or to the left, lest they should overtake me, and we could
not stand against them, but be slain, and they would make their
escape; and thus we did fice all that day into the wilderness,
even until it was dark.

7. And it came to pass that again when the light of the
imorning came, we saw the Lamanites upon us, and we did flee
before them. ‘But it came to pass that they did not pursue us
far, before they halted; and it was in the morning of the third
day, on the seventh mouth. And now whether they were
overtaken by Antipus, we know not; but I said unto my men,
Behold, we know not but they have halted for the purpose that
we should come against them, that they should eateh us in their
snare; therefore what say ye, my sons, will ye go against them
to battle? And now I say unto you my beloved brother,
Moroni, that never had 1 seen 90 great courage, nay, not
amongst all the Nephitea, For as I had ever called them my
sons, (for they were all of them very young), even so they said
unto me, Father, beliold, our God is with us, and he will not
sutler that we shall fall; tien let us go forth; we would not
slay our brethren, if they would let us alone; ‘therefore let ns
go, lest they should overpower the army of Antipus. Now
they never had fought, yet they did not fear death: and they
did think more upon the liberty of their fathers, than they did

_ upon their lives; yea, they had been tauglit by their mothers,
that if they did not doubt, that God would deliver them, And
they rehearsed unto me the words of their mothers, sayiug we
do not doubt our mothers knew it.

8. And it came to pass that I did return with my two thous-
and, against these Lamanites who had pursued us, And now
ehold, the armies of Antipus had overtaken them, and a ter-
tible Battle had commenced. The army of Antipus being

 

 

 
