366 BOOK OF ALMA. {cuar. xxv

numerous than that which they have sent. But behold, it
mattereth not; we trust God will deliver us, notwithstanding
the weakness of our armies, yea, and deliver us out of the hands
of our enemies,

32. Behold, this is the twenty and ninth year, in the latter
end, and we are in the possession of our lands; and the Laman-
ites have fied to the land of Nephi. And those sons of the
people of Ammon of whom I have so highly spoken, are with
me in the eity of Manti; and the Lord has supported them,
yea, and kept them from falling by the sword, insomuch that
even one soul has not been slain. But behold they have
received many wounds; nevertheless they stand fast in that
liberty wherewith God has nade them free; and they are strict
to remember the Lord their God, from day today; yea, they do
observe to keep his statntes, and his judgments. and his com-
maudments continually; and their faith is strong in the prophe-
cies concerning that which is to come. And now my beloved
brother Moroni, that the Lord our God who has redeemed us
and made us free, may keep you continnally in his presence;
ea, and that he may favor this people, even that ye may have
iecess in obtaining the possession of all that which the Laman-
ites have taken from us, which was for our support. And now
behold, I close mine epistle. I ant Helaman, the son of Alma,

 

 

CHAPTER XXVIL.

1. Now it came to pass in the thirtieth year of the reign of
the Judges over the people of Nephi, after Moroni had received
and had read Helaman’s epistle, he was exceedingly rejoiced
because of the welfare, yea, the exceeding success which Hela-
man had had, in obtaining those lands which were lost; yea,
and he did make it known unto all his people in all the iand
round about in that part where he was, that they might rejoice
also.

2. And it came to pass that he immediately sent an epistle to
Palioran, desiring that he should cause men to be gathered
toxether, to strengthen Helaman, or the armies of Helamao,

somuch that he might with ease maintain that part of the
land which he liad been so miraculously prospered in retaining.
‘And it came to pass when Moroni had sent this epistle to
the land of Zarahomla, he began again to lay a plan, that he
might obtain the remaindor of those possessions and cities which
the Lamanites had taken from thera.

3. And it came to pass while Moroni was thus making pre-

 
