CHAP. XxVIL.] BOOK OF ALMA. 367

parations to go against the Lamanites to battle, behold, the peo-
ple of Nephihah who were guthered together from the city of
Moroni, ana the city of Lehi, and the city of Morianton, were
attacked by the Lumanites; yea, even those who had’ been
compelled to flee from tle land’ of Manti, and from the land
round about, had come over and joined the Lamanites im this
part of the land; and thus being exceeding numerous, yea. and
receiving strength from day to day, by the command of Am-
moron. they came forth against the people of Nephihaly, and
they did_begin to slay them with an exceeding great shuughter.
And their armies were so numerons, that the remainder of the
people of Nephihah were obliged ta flee before them; and they
ame even and joined the army of Moroni. And now as Moro-
ni had supposed that there should be men sent to the city of
of Nephibub, to the assistance of the people to maintain that
city. and knowing that it was easier to keep the city from falling
into the hands of the Lamanites, than to retake it-from them,
he supposed that they would easily maintain that city; there
fore he retained all his force to maintain those places which he
had recovered

4. Aud now when Moroni saw that the city of Nephihah was
lost, he was exceeding sorrowful, and began to doubt, because
of the wickedness of the people, whether they should not fall
into the hands of their brethren, | Now this was the case with
all his chief captains. They doubted and marvelled also,
becanse of the wickedness of the people; and this because of
the success of the Lamanites over them. And it came to pass
that Moroni was augry with the government, because of their
indifference concerning the freedom of their country.

5. And it came to pass that he wrote again to the governor
of the land, who was Pahoran, and these are the words which
he wrote, saying, Behold, I direct mine epistle to Pahoran, in
the city of Zarahemla, who is the chief judge and the governor
over the land, an also to all those wlio have been chosen by
this people to govertand muage the affairs of this war; for
behold, I have somewhat to suy unto them by the way of con-
demnation; for behold, ye yourselves know that ye have been
appointed to gather together men, and arm them with swords,
and with cimeters, and all manner of weapons of war, of every.
kkind, and send forth against the Lamanites, in whatsoever parts
they shonld come into our land, And now beliold, [I say wnto
you, that myself, and also my men, aud also Helaman and his
men, have suffered exceeding great sufferings; yea, even hun-
ger, thirst, and fatigue, and all manner of afflictions of every
kind. But behold, were thiy all we had suffered, we would
