370 BOOK OF ALMA. [onar. xxvi.

‘our country which he has retained, and that we may also
recover the remainder of our possessions in these parts, behold,
it will be expedient that we contend no more with the Laman-
ites until we have first cleansed our inward vessel; yea, even
the great bead of our government; and except ye grant mine
epistle, and come out aud show unto me a true spirit of freedom,
aud strive to strengthen and fortify our armies, and grant unto
them food for their support, behold, 1 will leave a part of my
freemen to maintain this part of our’ land, and I will leave the
strength and the blessings of God‘ upon them, that none other
power can operate against them, and this because of their
exceeding faith and their patience in their tribulations; and I
will come unto you, aud if there be any among you that has a
desire for freedom, yea, if there be even a spark of freedom
remaining, beliold I will stir up insurrections amoug you, even
until those who have desires to usurp power und authority, slvall
become extinct; yea, behold I do not fear yur power uor your
authority, but it is my God whom I fear, and it is according to
his commandments that I do take my sword to defeud the cause
of my country, and it is because of your iniquity that we have suf-
fered so much loss. Behold it is time; yea, the time is now at
haud, that except ye do bestir yourselves in the defence of your
country and your little ones, the sword of justice doth hang over
you: yea, and it shall fall upon you and visit you even to your
utter destruction. Behold. I wait for assistance from you, and
except ye do adininister unto our relier, behold I cone unto you
even in the lanl of Zarahewla, and smite you with the sword, ine
somuch that ye eu lave po more power to impede the progress
of this people iu tise cause of our freedom; for behold the Lord
will not sulfer that ye shall live and wax strong in your iniqui-
ties, to destroy fiis righteous people. Behold, can you suppose
that the Lord will spare you and come out in judgment against
the Lamanites, whon it is the tradition of their fathers that tas
caused their hatred; yea, and it has been redoubled by those
who have aisseuted from us, while your iniquity is for the cause
of your love of glory, and the vain things of the world! Ye
Know that ye do transgresa the laws of God, and ye do know
that ye do trample them under your feet. Beliold, the Lord
saith wuto me, If those whom ye have appointed your governors,
do not repent of their sing and iniquities, ye shall go up to bat
tle against them.

9. And vow behold, I Moroni am constrained, according to
the covenant which I have made to keep the commandineuts of
my God; therefore I would that ye should aduere to the word
of God, and send speedily unto me of your provisions and of

 

 

 
