CHAP. XXVIII] BOOK OF ALMA. 371

your men, and also to Helaman. And beholfif ye will not do
this, I come unto you speedily; for behold, God will not suffer
that we should perish with hunger; therefore he will give unto
us of your food, even if it must be by the sword. Now see that
ye fulfill the word of God. Behold, 1 am Moroni, your chief
‘captain. I seek not for power but to pull itdown.' I seek not
for honor of the world, but for the glory of my God, and the
freedom and welfare of my country. And thus I close mine
epiatle.

CHAPTER XXVIII.

1. BaHoLp, now it came to pass that soon after Moroni had
sent his epistle unto the chief governor, he receive an epistle
from Pahoran, the chief governur. And these are the words
which he received: I, Pahoran, who am the chief governor of
this land, do send these wordy unto Moroni, the chief captain
‘over the army: behold [ say unto you, Moroni, that I do nog
Joy in your great afflictions; yea, it grieves my soul. But
‘behold, there are those who do joy in your afflictions; yea,
inaomuch that they have risen np in rebellion against me, and
also those of my people who are freemen; yea, and those who
have risen up are exceeding numerous. ‘And ‘it is those who
have sought to take away the judgment seat from me, that have
been the cause of this great iniquity; for they have used greut
flattery; and they have led away the hearts of many people,
which will be the cause of sore affliction among us; they
have withheld our provisions, and have daunted ont freemen,
that they have not come unto you. And behold, they have
driven me out before them, and [ have fled to the land &
Gideon, with as many men as it were possible that T could get.
And behold, I have sont a proclamation throughout this part of
the land; and beliold, they are flocking to us daily. to their
arms, iu the defence of their country, and their freedom, and to
avenge our wrongs. And they have come unto us, insomi:cli
that those who have risen up in rebellion against us, are set ut
detiance; yea, insomuch that they do feur us, and durst not
come out against usto battle. They have got possession of the
land, or the city Zarahemla: they liave appointed a king over
them, and he hath written unto the king of the Lamanites, in
the which he hath joined an alliance with Lim; in the which
allianée, he hath agreed to maintain the city of Zaraleinla,
which maintenance he supposeth will enable the Lamanites to

  
