372 BOOK OF ALMA. [cuap.xxvut.

conquer the remainder of the land, and he shall be placed king
over this people, when they shall be conquered under the
Lamanites. And’ now, in your epiatle you have censured me;
but it mattereth not, 1 am not angry, but do rejoice in the
greatness of your heart. I, Paboran, do not seek for power,
save only to retain my judgment seat, that I may preserve the
riglits atid the liberty of my people. My soul standeth fast in
tht liberty, in the which God hath made us free,

2. Aud now behold we will resist wickedness, even unto
bloodshed. We would not shed the blood of the Lamanites, if
tuey would stay in their own land. We would not ahed the
hlood of our brethren, if they would not rise up in rebellion
and tako the sword against us, We would aubject ourselves to
the yoke of bonduge. if it were requisite with the justice of God,
or if he should command us 30 to do. But behold he doth not
command us that we shall subject ourselves to our enemies, but
that we should pat our trust in him and he will deliver us.
Therefore my beloved brother Moroni, let ws resist evil; and
whatsoever evil we cannot resist with our words, yea, such ag
rebellions and dissensions, let us resist them with our swords,
that we muy retain our froedom, that we may rejoice in the
great privilege of onr churel aud in the cause of our Redeemer
and our God. ‘Therefore come unto me speedily, with a few
of your teu, and leave the remainder in the change of Lehi and
Teancum; give unto them power to conduct the war in that
part of the land, according to the Spirit of God, whic: is also
the spirit of freedom which is in them. Behold I have sent a
few provisions unto them, that they may not perish until ye
ean come wito me. Gather together whatsoever force ye can
upon your march hither, aud we will go speedily against those
dissenters, in the strength of our Gud, according o the faith
which is ‘in us. And we will take possession of the city of
Zaraliemla, that we may obtain more food to send forth unto
Lehi and Teaneum; yea, we will go forth sgainst them in the
strength of the Lord, and we will put an end to this great
iniquity.

3. And now, Moroni T do not joy tn recetving your epiale;
for Twas somewhat worried concerning what we should do,
Wisciher it should be just in us to go against our brethren. But

e have said, Except they repent, the Lord hath commanded
You that ye should go against them. See that ye strengthen
‘Lehi and “Teancum in the Lord; tell them to fear not, for God
will deliver them; yea, and algo all those who stand fast in thet
Hiberty wherewith God liath made them free. And now I close
mine epistle to my beloved brother Moroni,

 

 

 

   
