HAP. XxIx.] BOOK OF ALMA. 375

city by night, by the means of their strong cords and their
ders; thus when the morning came, they were all within
the walls of the city. And now when the Lamanites awoke, and
saw that the armies of Moroni were within the walls, they
were affrighted exceedingly, insomuch that they did flee out by
the pass, And now when Moroni saw that they were fleeing
before him, he did cause that his men should march forth
against them, and slew many, and surrounded many otlers and
took them prisoners; and the remainder of them fled into the
land of Moroni, which was in the borders by the sea-shore.
Thus had Moroni and Pahoran obtained the possession of the
city of Nephihab, without the loss of one soul; and there were
many of the Lamanites who were slain, .

12. Now it came to pass that many of the Lamanites that
were prisoners, were desirous to join the people of Ammon,
and become a free people. And it came to pass that as many
as were desirous, unto them it was granted, according to their
desires; therefore all the prisoners of the Lamanites did join the
peoplo of Ammon, and did begin to labor exceedingly, tilling the
ground, raising all manner of grain, and flocks, and herds of
every kind; aud thus were the Nephites relieved from a
burthen; yea, iusomuch that they were relieved from all the
prisoners of the Lamanites.

13. Now it came to pass that Moroni, after he had obtained
posseasion of the city of Nephihah, having taken many prisoners,
which did reduce the armies of the Lamanites exceedingly, and
having retained many of the Nephites who had been taken
prisoners, which did strengthen the army of Moroni exceedingly ;
therefore’ Moroni went forth from the land of Nephihah to the
land of Lehi,

14. And it came to pass that when the Lamanites saw that
Moroni was coming against them, they were again frightened,
and fied before the army of Moroni. And it came to pass that
Moroni and his army did pursue them from city to city, until
they were met by Lehi and Teancum; and the Lamanites tied
from Lehi and Teancum, even down upon the borders iy the sca-
shore, until they came to the land of Moroni, And the armies
of the Lamanites were all gathered together, insomuch thut they
were all in one body, in the land of Moroni. Now Ammoron,
the Ising of the Lamunites, was also with them.

15. And it came to pass that Moroni, and Lehi, and Teancum,
did encamp with their armies round about in the borders of the
land of Moroni, inzomuch that the Lamanites were encircled
about in the borders by the wilderness; on the south, and in the
‘borders by the wilderness, on the east; and thus they did encamp

 

 
