‘CHAP. 11] BOOK OF HELAMAN. 383

desiring that he would conduct him to the judgment seat, that
he might murder Helaman; and when the servant of Helaman
had known all the heart of Kishkumen, and how that it was his
object to murder, and also that it was the object of all those
who belonged to his band, to murder, and to rob, and to gain
power, (end this was their secret plan and their combination),
the servant of Helaman saith unto Kishkumen, Let us go fort

unto the judgment seat. Now this did please Kishkumen ex-
ceedingly, for he did suppose ‘that he should sccoroplish his
design; but behold. the servant of Helaman, as they were going
forth unto the judgment seat, did stab Kishkumen, even to the
‘heart that he fell dead without @ groan. And he ran and told
Heelaman all the things which he tad seeo, and heard, and

jone.

10. And it came to pass that Helaman did send forth to take
this band of robbers and secret murderers, that they might be
executed according to the law. But behold, when Gadianton
had found that Kishkumen did not return, be feared lest. that
he should be destroyed; therefore he caused thet his band
should follow him. And they took their fight out of the land,
by a gecret way, into the wilderness; and thus when Helaman
sent forth to take them, they could no where be found. And
more of this Gadianton shall be spoken hereafter. And thus
ended the forty aud second year of the reign of the Judges over
the people of Nephi. And behold, in the end of this book, ye
shall see that this Gadianton did’ prove the overthrow, yea,
almost the entire destrnction of the people of Nephi. Behold
Ido not mean the end of the book of Helaman, but I mean the
end of the book of Nephi, from which I have taken all the
account which I have written.

CHAPTER IL,

1. AND now it came to pass in the forty and third year of
the reign of the Jndges, there was no contention among the
people of Nephi, save it were a little pride which was in the
church, which did cause some little dissensions among the peo-
ple, which affairs were settled in the ending of the forty and
third year. And there was no contention among the people in
the forty and fourth year; neither was their much contention
in the forty and fifth year. And it came to pass in the forty
‘and sixth, yea, there were much contentions and many dissen-
sions; in the which tere were an exceeding great many who
