CHAP. IL] BOOK OF HELAMAN. 895,

that there wera robbers among them, they were exceeding eor-
rowful; and they did use every means in their power, to destroy
them off the face of the earth. But behold, Satan did stir up
tho hearts of the more part of the Nephites, insomuch that they
did unite with those bands of robbers, and did enter into their
covenants, and their oaths, that they would protect and preserve
one another, in whatsoever difficult cireumstanees they should
be placed, that they should noc suffer for their murders, and
their plunderings, and their stealiugs.

30. And it came to pass that they did have their signs, yea,
their secret signs, and their secret words; and this that they
might distinguish a brother who had entered into the covenant,
that whatsoever wickedness his brother should do, he should
not be injured by his brother, nor by those who did belong to
his band, who had taken this coveuant; and thus they might
murder, and plunder, and steal, and commit whoredoms, and all
manner of wickedness, contrary to the laws of their country
and also the laws of their God; and whosoever of those who
belonged to their band, should reveal unto the world of their
wickedness and their abominations, should be tried, not accord-
ing to the laws of their country, but according to the laws of
their wickedness, which had been given by Gadianton and
Kishkumen, Now behold, it is these secret oaths and cove-
nants, which Alma commanded itis son should not go forth
unto the world, lest they should bo a means of bringing down
the people unto destruction. Now behold, those secret oaths
and covenants did not come forth unto Galianton from the
records which were delivered uuto Helaman; but behold. they
were put into the lcartof Galianton, by that sume being who did
entice onr first parents to partake of the forbidden frnit; yea, that
same being who did plot with Cuin, that if he would murder
his brother Abel, it should not be known wnto the world, And
he did plot with Cain and his followers, from that time forth.
‘And algo it is that same being who put it into the hearts of the
people, to build a tower sufficiently high that they might get to
Aud it was that same being who led on the people
who came from that tower, into this hud: who spread the
works of darkness and abomiuations over all the face of the
Jand, until he drugged the people down to an entire destruction,
and ty att everlasting hell; yea, it is that sane being who put
it into the heart of Gadianton, to still carry on the work of
darkness, and of secret murder; and he has brought it forth
from the beginning of man, even down to thistime. And behold,
it ig he who is the anthor of all sin. And behold, he doth carry
on his works of darkness and seeret murder, and doth hand

 

   
