406 BOOK OF HELAMAN. (omar. tv.

even until he had declared it unto them all, or sent it forth
among all the people, And it came to pass that they would
not hearken unto his words; and there began to be contentions,
ingomuch that they were divided against themselves, and began
to slay one another with the sword. Aud thus ended the sev-
enty and first year of the reign of the Judges over the people
of Nephi

CHAPTER IV.

1. AND now it came to pass in the seventy and second year
of the reign of the Judges, that the contentions did incrense,
insomuch thal there were wars throughout all the land among
all the people of Nephi. And it was this secret band of rubbers
who did carry on this work of destruction and wickedness.
And this war ‘did Jast all that year. And in the seventy aud
third year it did also last,

2. ‘And it came to pass iv this yeur, Nephi did ery unto the
Lord, sasing, O Lord do uot suffer tat tiis people siiall be
destroyed by the sword; but O Lord, rather let there be a famine
iu the land, to stir them up in remembrance of the Lord their
God, and perhaps they will repent aud turn uuto thee; and so
it was done, according to the words of Nephi, Aud there was
agreat famine upon the laud among all the peuple of Nephi.
‘And thug, in the seventy and fourth year, the fainine did con-
tinue, and the work of destruction did cease by the sword. but
Decatne sore by famine. And this work of destruction did also
continue in the seventy and ffti year. For the earth was
smitten, that it was dry, and did not yield forth grain in the
season of grain; and thé whole earth wus smitten, even among
‘the Lamuzites as well az among the Nephites, ao that they were
smitten that they did perish by thousands, in the sore wicked
parts of the land.

3. Aud it came to pass that the people saw thut they were
about to perish by fimine, and they began to remember the
words of Nephi. “Aud the people began to plead with their
chief judges and their leuders, that they would aay unto Nephi,
Behold we know that thou art a mau of God, and therefore ery
unto the Lord our God, that he turn away from us this famine,
lest all the words which thou hast spoken concerning our de-
struction, be fulfilled. And it caine to pass thut the judges did
suy unto Nepiti, according to the words which had been de-
sired, And it came.to pass that when Nephi saw that the
people had repented, and did humble themselves in sackcloth,
he criedugain unto the Lord, saying, 0 Lord, behold this people

 

 
