408 BOOK OF HELAMAN. [cnar. tv.

year, there began to be much strife. But it came to pass that
Nephi and Lehi, and many of their brethren, wio knew con-
cerning the true points of doctrine, having muny revelutions
daily, therefore they did preach unto tiie people, insomuch that
they did put an end to their atrife in tat same year,

5, And it came to pass that in the eigliticth year of the reign
of the Judges over the people of Nephi, there were a certain
number of the dissenters from the people of Nephi, who lad
soue years before gone over unto the Lamanites, and took upon
themselves the name of Lamanites; and also, a certain number
who were real descendants of the Lamanites, being stirred up to
suger by them, or by those dissenters, therefore they com-
meucedawar with their brethren. And they did commit mur-
der wid plunder; and then they would retreat buck into the
mountains, and into the wilderness and secret places, liding
themselves that they could not be discovered, receiving daily
an addition to their numbers, insomuch as there were dissentera
that weut forth unto them; and tins in time, yea, even in the
space of not many years, they became an exceeding great band
of robbers; and they did seareh out all the secret plans of Gad-
iauton; and tus they became robbers of Gadianton. Now
behold, these robbers did make great havoc, yea, even great
destruction among the peoplo of Nephi, and also among the
people of the Lumunites.

6. Atnd it came to pass that it was expedient that there should
be astop put to this work of destruction; therefore they seut
an army of strong men into the wilderness, and upon the mount-
ains to search out this band of robbers, and to destroy them.
But behold, it came to pass that iu that same year, they were
@riven back even into their own lands. And thus ended the
eiglwietn year of the reign of the Judges over the poople of

ephi.

7. And it came to pass in the commencement of the eighty
and first year, they did go fort: again against this band of
robbers, and did destroy many; and they were also visited with
mich destruction; and they were again obliged to return ont of
the wilderness and out of the mountains, unto their own lands,
Leeause of the execeding greatuess of the nambers of those
robbers who infested the mountains and the wilderness, And
it caine to pass thut thusended this year. And the robbers did
still increase and wax strong, insowuch that they did dety the
whole armies of the Nephites, and also of the Lamanites: and
they did causo great fear to come onte the people, upon ull the
face of the land; yea, for they did visit many parts of the land,
and did do great destruction unto them; yea, did kill many, and

 

  

 
