412 BOOK OF HELAMAN. + [CHAP. v.

Lord: yea, thus saith the Lord, Blessed are they who will
repent and turn unto me, but wo unto him that repenteth n
yea, wo unto this great city of Zarahemla: for behold it is
of those who are righteous, Uhat it is saved: yea, wo
unto this great eity, for I perceive, aaith the Lord, that there
ea, even the more part of this great city that will
harden their hearts against mo, saith the Lord. But blessed are
they who will repent, for them will J spare. But behold, if it
Were not lor the righteous who are in this great city, hehotd £
would cause that fire should come down out of heaven. und
destroy it, But behold, it is for the righteous’ suke tha it is
spared. But behold, the time cometh, saith the Lord, that when
ye shall cast out the righteous from among you. then shall ye
be ripe for destruction; yea, wo be unto this great city, because
of the wickedness and abominations whieh are in her; yew, aud
wo be unto the city of Gideon, for the wickedness and abomin-
ations which are in her; yea, and wo be unto all the cities which
are in the land round about, which are possessed by the Neph-
ites, because of the wickedness and abominations which are in
them: and beliold, a curse shall come npot the land, saith the
Lord ot Hosts, becanse of the people's sake who are npon the
land: yea. because of their wickedness and their alominations.
3. And it shall come to pass saith the Lord of Hosts, yea, our
great and true God, that whoso shall hide up treasnres in the
earth, shall tind them again no more, because of the great curse
of the lund, save he be a righteous nau, and shall bide it up unto
the Lord, for I will saith Ute Lord, tint they shall hide up their
trousures uuto me; aud cursed be they who hide not up their
treasures unto me; for none hideth up their treasures wuto me
save it be the righteous; and he that hideth uot up his treasure
unto me, cursed is he, aud aiso the treasure, and none shall
redeomn it because of the curse of the land, And the day shall
come that they shall lide up their treasures, because they have
sex their hearts upon riches; aud because they have set their
hearts upon their riches, I will hide up their weasures when
they shall tive before their enemies, beeause they will not hide
them up wito me, cursed be they, and also their treasures; and
in that day shall they be smitten, saith the Lord. Behold ye,
the people of this great city, and hearken unto my words; yea,
hearken unto the words which the Lord saith; for behold, he
saith that ye are exrsod because of your riches, and also are
your rielies cursed because you have set your hearts upon ther,
and ive uot hearkened anto the words of him who gave them
unt you, Ye do not remember the Lord your God in the things
which he hath blessed you, but ye do always remember your

  

  

 

 

  

  

   

 
