ouAP. v.) BOOK OF HELAMAN. A417

attempt to flee, and there shall be no place for refuge; yea, and
wo unto them which are with child, for they shall be heavy,
atid cannot flee; therefore they shall be trodden down, and shall
be left to perish; yea, wo unto this people who are called the
people of Nephi, exeept they shall repent whou they shull see
all these signs and wonders which shail be shewed unto then;
for behold, they have been a chosen people of the Lord; yea,
the people of Nephi hath he loved, and also hath he ehasteued
them; yea, in the days of their iniquities hath he chastened them,
because he loveth them. But beliold my brethren, the Laman-
ites hath he hated, because their deeds have Leen evil coutiau-
ally: and this because of the iniquity of the tradition of their
fathers, But behold, salvation hath come unto them, through
the preaching of the Nephites; and for this intent hath the Lord
prolonged their days. And I would that yeshould behold that
the more part of them are in the pati of their duty, and they do
walk cirewmspeetly before God, and they do observe to keep his
commandments, and his statutes, and his judginents, according to
the law of Moses. Yea, I say unto you, that the more part of
them are doing this, and they are striving, with unwearied dili-
gence, that they may bring the remainder of their brethren to
the knowledgo of the truth; therefore there are many wlio do
add to their ummbers daily.’ And behold ye do know of your-
selves, for ye have witne'sed it, that as many of them us ure
bronght to the knowledge of the truth, and to know the wicked
and abominable traditions of their futhers, and are led to believe
the holy scriptures, yea, tite prophecies of the holy prophets,
which are written, which leadeth them to fiith on the Lord,
and unto repentance, which faith and repentance bringeth a
change of heart unto them; therefore as many as have cote to
this, ve know of yourselves, are firm and steadast in the faith,
and in the thing wherewith they have been made free. And
‘ye kuow also that they have buried their weapons of war, and
they fear to take them up, lest by any means they should sin;
yea. ye can see that they fear to sin; for behold, they will sultor
ihetnselves that they be trodden down aud slain by their enemies,

 

 

    

and will not lift their swords against them; and this because uf
their faith in Christ. And now because of their steadfastness,

  

witen they do believe, in that thing which they do helieve; ior
because of their firmness when they are onee enlightened. be-
hold the Lord shall bleas them and prolong their dags, uotwith-
standing their iniquity; yea, even if they should dwindle in un-
belief, the Lord shall prolong their days tuntil the time shall come
which hath been spoken of by our fathers, and also by the proph-
et Zenos, aud many other prophets, concerning the restoration

 

 
