cHaP. 1.) BOCK OF NEPAL 421

departure of Lehi out of Jerusalem; then he departed out of the
Jand, and whither he went. uo man knowetlh; and his son Nephi
did keep the reconils in Irs stead, yea. tire record of this people,
2. Aud t came to pass thatin the commencentent of the ninety
and second year, behold tie prophecies of the prophets beyan to
be fulfilled’ more fully; for there began to be greater sigus aud
greater miracles wrought among the people. But there were
some who began to say that the time was past for the words to be
fulfilled, which were spoken by Sanmel, the Lamauite, Aud
they began to rejoice over their brethren, xayitye, Beliold, the time
is past, andl the words of Samuel are not fullilled; therefore, your
Joy and your faith coucerning this thing, hath been in vain. “And
it came to pass that they did make a great uprowr throughout the
land: aud the people who believed, bean to be very sorrowful,
Jest by any means those things which lad been spoken, might
not come to pass. But behold, they did watch steadfastly for
that day, and that night, and tlat day, which shall be as one
day, as if there were no night, that they might know that their
frith dad not been in vain
3. Now it came to puss that there was a day set upart by the
unbelievers, that all Lliose who believed in those traditious should
be put to death, except the sign should come to pass which had
been given hy Samuel the prophet. Now it cntio to pass that
when Nephi, the son of Nephi, saw this wickedness of his people,
his heart was exceeding sorrowful. Aud it eame to pass that
he went out aud bowed himself down upon the earth, and cried
mightily to his God, in behalf of his people; yea. those who were
about to be destroyed because of their faith in the tradition of
their fathers. And it came to pass that he cried mightily unto
the Lord, all the day; and Lehold, the voice of the Lord came
unto him, saying. Lift up your head aud be of good cheer, for
behold, the tite is at hand, and on this night shall the sign be
given, aud on the morrow come I into the world, to shew unto
the world that I will fulfill all that whieh T have caused to be
spoken by the month of my holy prophets, Behold, T come
unto my own, to fulfill all things which T have made known
tuto the children of men, from the foundation of tie world, and
do the will, both of the Father, aud of the Son of the Father,
because of me. and of the Sou, beeause of my flesh. And be-
hold, the time is.at hand, and this night shall the sign be piven.
4. And it came to pass that the words which came unto Ne-
hi were fulfilled, according as they had been spoken : for behold
at the going down of the sun, there was no darkness; and the
people begun to be astonished, because there was no darkness
when the night came. And there were many who had nov

 

 

 

 
