428 BOOK OF NEPHI. [cHap. 12.

And the robbers could not exist save it wore in the wilderness,
for the want of food; for the Nephites lad left their lands deso-
late; and had gathered their flocks, and their herds and all their
substance, and they wero in one body; therefore there was no
chance for the robbers to plunder and to obtain fod, suve it
were to come up in open battle against the Nephites; and the
Nephites being in one body, and having vo great a nuinber, and.
having reserved for themselves provisions, and. horses, and cattle,
and flocks of every kind, that they might subsist for the space
of seven years, inthe which timo they did hope to destroy the
robbers from off the fice of the lund, And thus the eighteenth
year did pass away.

6. And it came to pass that in the nineteenth year, Giddianhi
found that it was expedient that he should go up to battle
agaiust the Nephites, for there was no way they could subsist,
save it were to plunder, and rob, und murder. “And they durst
not spread themselves upon. the face of the lund, insomuch that
they could raise grain, lest tho Nophites should come upon them
y them; therefore Giddianhi gave commandment unty
his armies, that in this year they should go up to battle against
the Nephites

7. Aud it came to pass that they did come up to battle; and
‘twas in the sixth moath; and behold, geeat and terrible was
the day that they did come up to baile; aud they were girded
about after the manuer of robbers; and tuey had a lamb-skin
about their loins, and they were dyed in blood; and their heads
were shor; and they had head-plates upon them; aud groat
and terrible was the appearance of the armies of Giddianhi,
because of their armor, and because of their being dyed in blood,
And it exme to pass that the armies of the Nephites, whon they
saw the appearance of the army of Giddiauhi, had ail fallen to
the curth, aud did lift their cries to the Lord their God, that he
would spare thom, and deliver them out of the hands of their
enemies. And it came to pass that when the armies of Giddian-
hi saw this, they began to shout with a loud voice, because of
their joy: for they had supposed that tho Nephites had fallen
with fear, beeanse of the terror of their armies; but in this
thing they were disappointed. for the Nephites did not fear them,
but they did foar their God, aud did supplicate liim for protec-
tion; tierefore when the armies of Giddianhi did rush upon
them, they were prepared to meet them; yea, in the strength.
of the Lord they did receive them; and the battle commenced
in this the sixth month; aud yreat’ and terrible was the batto
thereol; yea, great aud terrible was the slaughter thereof, inso-
much that there never was knowt so great a slaughter among:

 

   

 

 

    

 

 

 
