432 BOOK OF NEPHI. omar. in,

and a true record; nevertheless there are many things which,
according to our language, we are uot able to write.

12. And now J make an end of my saying which is of myself,
and proceed to give my account of the things which have been
before me, Iam Mormon, aud @ pure descendant of Lehi. 1
lave reason to bless iuy God and my Savior Jesus Christ, that
he brought our fathers ont of the land of Jerusalem, (and no
oue knew it save it were Limself and those whom he brought
out of the land), and that he hath given me and my people so
unuch knowledge unto the salvation of our souls. Surely he
huth blessed the house of Jacob, and hath been merciful unto
the seed of Joseph. And inyomuch as the elildren of Lehi
have kept his commandients, ke hath blessed them and pros
pered them according to his word; yea, and surely slull he
again bring a remuaut of the seed of Joseph to the knowledge
of tie Lord their God; and as surely as the Lord liveth will he
gatlier in from the four quarters of the earth, all the remnant of
the seed of Jacob, who are scattered abroad upon ull the face
of the earth; aud as he lath covenanted with all the houae of
Jacob, even s0 shall the covenant wherewith he hath covenant
ed with the house of Jacub, be fulfilled in his own due tive
unto the-restoring atl the house of Jacob unto the knowledge
of the covenant that he hath covenanted with them: and theo
shall they know their Redeemer, who is Jesus Christ, the Sor
of God; and then shall they be gathered in from the four quat
ters of the earth, unto their own landa, from whence they have
been dispersed; yes, a3 the Lord liveth, so shall it be. Amen

 

 

CHAPTER UL

1. _Axp now it came to pass that the peuple of the Nephites
did all return to their own lands, in the twenty and aixth year,
every man, with his family, his locks and his herds, his horses
and hig cattle, and all things whatsoever did belong unto them.
And it came to pass that they had not eaten ap all their provis-
ions; therefore they did take with them all that they had not
devoured, of all their grain of every kind, and their gold, and
their silver, and all their precious things, and they did return
to their own lunds and their possessions, both on the north and
fon the south, botit on the tend northward and on the land
southward, "And they granled unto those robbera who had
entered into 4 covenant wo keep the pexce, of the band who
were desirous to romain Lamauites, lands, according to their

 
