438 BOOK OF NEPHI. [cuax. rv.

if it was about to divide asunder; and there were exceeding
sharp lightnings, sucl as never had been known m all the land.
And the city of Zuruliemla did take fire; and the city of Moroni
did sink into tie depths of the seu, and the inhabitants thereof
were drowned; aud the earth was carried up upon the city of
Moronilil, tht in the place of the city thereof, there became
a great mountain; and there was a great and terribie destruction
in the lund southward. But behold, there was 4 more great
and terrible destruction in the land northward: for beliold, the
whole face of the lund was changed, because of the tempest,
and the whirlwinds, and the thunderings, and the lightnings,
and the exceeding great quaking of the whole earth; aud the
highways were broken up, and the level roads were spoiled.
and many smooth places became rough, and many greut and
notable cities were sunk, and inany were burned, and many were
shook till the buildings thereof had fallen to the earth, and the
inhabitants thereof were siuiu, and the places were left desolate;
and there were sone cities which renained; but the dunsage
thereof was exceeding greut, and there were many in thet) who
were slain; and there were some wlio were carried away in the
whirlwind; and whither they went, no man knoweth, save they
know that they were earried away; and thus the face of the
whole earth beewne deforined, becatse of the tempest, and the
thundering, and the lightnings, and the quaking of the earth,
And beliold, the rocks were rent in twain; they were broken
up upon the face of the whole earth, insomuch that they were
found in broken fragments, and in seams, and in cracks, upoa
all the face of the land.

3. And it came to pass that when the thunderings, aud the
lightnings, and the storm, and the tempest, aud the quakings of
the earth did ceuse—for behold, they did lust for xbout the
space of three hours; and it was said by some that the time
was greater; nevertheless, all these great and terrible things
were done in about the spice of three hours; aud then behold,
there was darkness upon the face of the land.

4, And it came to pass that there was thick darkness upon
all the face of the land, insomuch that the inhabitants thereof
who had uot fallen, could feel the vapor of darkness; and there
could be no light, becanse of the darkness; neither candles,
neither torches; neither could there be fire kindled with their
fiue and exceeding dry wood, so that there could not be any
light at all; and there was not any light seen, neither fire, nor
glionuer, neither the sun, nor the moon, nor the stars, for 60

great were the mists of darknesgwhich were upon the face of
‘the land.

 

 
