440 . BOOK OF NEPHI. [cuap. rv.

1. And behold, that great city Jacobugath, which was inlab-
ited by the people of the king of Jacob, luve I caused to be
burned with fire, because uf thir sing and their Wickeduess, which,
Was nove all the wickedness of the whole earth, beeause of their
secret murders and combinations; for it was they that did destroy
the peace of my people and the governient of the land: there-
fore [ did cause them to be burued, to destroy them from before
my face, that the blood of the prophets and the saints should
not come np unto mie ay more against diem. And behold, the
city of Laman, aud the city of Josh, and the city of Gad, and
the city of Kishkumen, have I caused to be burned with fire,
and the inhabitants thereof, because of their wickeduess in
casting out the prophets, and atoning those whom 1 did seud to
declare unto thein coucerning their wickedness and their abom.
inatious; und because they did cast them all out, that there
Were none righteous among them, { did send down fire and
dostroy them, that their wickeduess and abominations mizbt be
hid fro.u before my face, that the Liood of the prophets and the
sainty whom I sent among them, might not ery unto me fiom
the ground against them; and many great destructions have L
eaused to come upon this laud, and upon this people, beesuse
of their wickedness amd their abominations.

8. Oall ye that aro spared, because ye were more righteous
than they, Will ye uot now return unto'me, aud repent of your
sins, aud'bo converted, that [may heal you? ' Yea, verily I say un-
to you, Ifye will come unto me, ye shall have eternal life. Behold,

i r extended towards you, and whosoever will
come, im will 1 receive; aud blessed are those who come unto
me. ‘Behokl I am Jesus Christ, the Son of God. I created
the heaves and the earth, and ali things that in them are. [
Was with the Father from'che begiuning. I am in the Father,
and the Father in we; und in me hath the Father glorified his
name. I caine unio my own, and my own received me not.
Aud the seriptures, concerning wy coming, are fulfilled. And
as many as lave received nie, to them have I given to become
the sons of God; and even so will I to as many as shall Lelieve
on my name, for behold, by mo redemption cometh, and in me
is the law of Moses fultiled. [am the light and the life of the
world, I am Alpha aud Omega, tho beginning and the eud.
And yo shall oitcr up unto me no more the shedding of bloud;
Yea, your sacrifices and your burut offerings shall be done aw:
tor L'wiil accept none of your sueritices and your burnt offerings;
aud ye shall offer for u sacrifice unto we a broken heart and a
couttite spirit, And whoso cometh unto me with a broken
heart ud a contrite spirit, him will I baptize with fire and with

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 
