446 BOOK OF NEPHI. [cuar. v.

testify that ye have seen me, and that ye know that Tam. Yea,
blessed are’ they who shall believe in your words, and come
down into the depths of humility, and be baptized; for they shail
be visited with tire and with the Holy Ghost, aud shall receive
a remission of their sins. Yea, blessed aro the poor in spirit
who come unto me,for theirs is the kingdom of heaven, And
again, blessed are all they that mourn, for they shall be com-
freed; and blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the
earth. And bleased are all they who do hunger and thirst after
righteousness, for they shall be filled with the Holy Ghost. And
blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain merey. And
Dlessed are all the pure in heart, for they shall see God. And
dlessed are all the peace-makers, for they shall be called the
children of God. Aud blessed are all they who are persecuted,
for my s:une’s sake, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven, And
blessed are ye when men shail revile you, and persecute, and
shall say all mamer of evil against you falscly, for my sake, for
ye shall have greut joy and be exceediug glad, for great shall be
your reward in heaven; for so persecuted they the prophets
who were before you. ‘Verily, verily I say unto you, T give
unto you to be the salt of the earth; but if the salt sliall lose its
savor, wherewith shall the earth be sulted? The salt shall be
thenceforgh good for nothing, but to be east eut, and to be trod-
Gen under foot of wen, Verily, verily Lsay mito you, Igive unto
you to be the light of this people. A city tLat ig set on a hill
cannot be hid. Behold, do men light a candie aud put it under
abushel? Nay, Lut om a candlestick, and it giveth light to all
that are in the house; therefore let your light so shine before
this people, that they may see your good works and glorify your
Father who is in heaven. ‘Think not that I am come to destroy
the aw or the prophets. Tain uot come to destroy but to fulfill;
for verily I say unto you, Que jot nor one tittle hath not passed
away from the law, but in me it hath all been fulfilled.

10. And behold I have given you the law and the command-
meutsof my Father, that ye shill believe in me, and that ye stall
repent of your sins, wud Gome nto me with a broken heart and
a contrite spirit. Behold, ye have the commandments before
Fon, und the law is fulfilled; therefore come unto me. and be ye
saved; for verily Tsay unto you, thut except ye shall keep my
commandments. which T have commanded you at this time, ye
stall in no ease enter into the kiugdom of heaven. Ye have
heard that it hath been said by them of old time, and it ia also
written before you, that thou shalt not kill; and whosoever shall
Kill shall be in danger of the judgment of God. But Tsay unto
ou, that whosoever is angry with his brother, shall ba in dan-

 

 

   

    

 

 

      

 
