448 BOOK OF NEPHI. [cuar. v.

the good; therefore those things which were of old time, which
were under the law, in meare all fulfilled, Old things are done
away, und all things have become new; therefore I would that
ye sliould be perfect even as I, or your Father who isin hieaven
is portect. Verily, verily, I say that I would that ye should do
alins unto the poor; but take heed that ye do not your alms
before men to be seen of them; otherwise ye have no reward
of your Father wlio is in heaven. ‘Therefore when ye slial! do
Your aluss, do not sound a trampet before yon, a8 will hypo-

ites do in the synagogues, und in the streets, that they may
have glory of men. Verily, [say unto yon, They have their re-
ward. But when thou dovst alins, let’ not thy left hand knew
what thy right haud doetk; that tine alms may be in secret;
suid thy” Rater who sceth in secret, himself shall reward thee
‘open!

12. And when thou prayest, thou shalt not do as the hypo-
erites, for they love to pray standiug in the synagogues, and in
the corners of the streets, tht they may beseen of men. Verily,
Tsay unto you, They have their reward. But thon, when thou
prayest, enter into thy closet, and when thow hast strut thy door,
pray to thy Father who is in secret; and thy Father, who seth
in secret, shall reward thee’openly. But when ye pray, use not
vain repetitions, as the heuthen, for they think that they shall
be heard for their inch speaking. Be not ye therefore like
unto them, for your Father knoweth what things ye lave need
of before ye asic him, After this manner therefore pray ya, Our
Father who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name, ‘Thy will be
done ou earth as itis in heaven, And forgive us our debts, as we
forgive our debtors. And lead us not into temptation, but de-
liver us from evil, For thine is the kingdon, and the power,
and the glory, for ever, Amen, For, if ye forgive men their
trespasses, your heayenly Father will also forgive you; but if ye
forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive
your trespasses. Moreover, wlien ye fast, be not as the hypo-
‘rites, of a sad countenance, for they distigure their faces, that
they may appear unto men to fast, Verily, I say unto you,
They have Ueir reward. But thou, when thou fastest, anvoint
thy head and wash: thy face; that thou appear not unto men to
fast. but unto tby Pather, who is in seoret; and thy Father who
scetl: in secret, shall reward thee openly.

13, Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth, where
moth and rust doth corrupt, and thieves break througl: and steal,
but lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither
moth uor rust Goth corrupt, and where thieves do not break
through nor steal. For where your treasure is, where will sour

  

 

  

 

 
