452 BOOK OF NEPAT. [cHap. vir.

was commanded to say no more of the Father concerning this
thing unto them. But, verily, I say unto you, that the Father
hath commanded me, and I 'tell it unto you, that ye were
separated from among them because of their iniquity; therefore
it ig because of their iniquity, that they know not of you. Aud
verily, [ say unto you again, that the other tribes hath the
Fatner sepirated from thems and it iy because of their iniquity,
that they know not of them: And verily, I say unto you, that
ye are they of whom I said, Other sleep I have which are not
of this fold; them also T must bring, and they shall hear my
voice; und there shall be one fold, and one shepherd. And
they understood mo not, for tley supposed it had been the Gen-
tiles; for they understood not that the Gentiles should be eon-
verted thronigh thelr preaching; and they wuderstood me wot
that I said they shall hear my voice; and they understood me
not that the Geutiles should not at any time hear my voice; tht
Tshould uot manifest myself unto them, save it were by the Holy
Ghost. But behold, ye have both heard my voice, aud seen me,
and yo are my sheep, and ye are numbered ainong those whom
tho Father hath given me.

3. And verily, verily, I say unto you, that I bave other sheep,
which are uot of this lund; neither of the land of Jerusalem;
neither in any parts of that land round ubout, whither T have
been to minister, For they of whom I speak, are they who
have not as yet heard my voice; neither lave I at any time
manifested myself unto them. But I have received a command-
ment of the Father, that I shail go unto them, and that they
shall hear my yoice, aud shall be nmnbered among my sheep,
that there may be one fold, and one shepherd; therefore I go
to show myself unto them,’ And [ command you that ye shall
write these sayings, after [am gone, that if it s0 be that iny peo-
ple at Jerusalem, they who ave secn me, and been with me in
my ininistry, do pot ask the Father in my name, that they may
reveive u knowledge of you by the Holy Glost, and also of the
other tribes whom they know not of, that these sayings which
ye shall write, shall be kept, and shall be manifested untg the
Gentiles, that through the futluess of the Gentiles, the remnant
of their seed who shall be scattered forth upon tile face of the
eurtl, because of their unbelief, may be brought in, or may be
bronglit to a knowledge of me, their Redeemer. And then will
T gather them in from the four quarters of the earth; and then
will 1 fulfill the covenant. which the Father hath made unto all
the people of the louse of Israel.

4. And blessed are the Gentiles, becauso of their belief in me,
in and of the Holy Ghost, which witness unto them of me and

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 
