cua. va] BOOK OF NEPHI. 457

pray in my church, among my people who do repent aud are
baptized in my name. Beliold Iam the light; I have set an
example fur you.

8. ‘And it came to pass that when Jesus had spoken these
words unto his disciples, he turned again unto the multitude,
and said unto them, Behold, verily, verily I say unto you; ye
unist wateh and pray always, lest ye enter into temptation; for
autan desireth to hive you, that he may sift you as wheat;
therefore ye must always pray unto the Father in my name
and whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in my name, which is
rigitt, believing that ye shall receive, behold it shall be given
unto you, Pray in your families unto the Father, always in
my nate, that your wives and your children may be blessed.
And behold, ye shall meet togetiver off, aud yo shall not forbid
any man Ironi coming unto you when ye shall weet together, but
suffer them that they may come unto you, and forbid them not;
but ye shall pray for them, and shall not cast them ont; and if
it so be that they come unto you oft, ye shall pray for them
‘unto the Father, in my name; therefore hold up your light that
it may shine unto the world.’ Behold Taw the light which ye
sitall hold up—that whieh ye have seen medo. Behold ye see
that I have prayed unto the Father, and ye all have witnessed;
and ye see that I Lave commanded that one of you should go
away, but rather have commanded that ye should come unto
me, that ye might feel and see; even so shall ye do unto the
world; aid whosoever breaketh this commandinent, suffereth
himself to be led into temptation.

9. And now it came to pass that when Jesus had spoken
these words, he turned his eyes again upon the disciples whom
he had chosen, and said unto them, Behold, verily, verily T say
unto you, I give unto you another commandment, and then I
must go unto my Father, that I may fulfill other commandments
which he hath given me. And now behold, this is the com-
mandment which I give unto you, that ye shall not suffer any
one knowingly, to partake of my Hesh and blood unworthily,
when ye shall’ minister it, for whoso eateth and driuketh my
flesh and blood unworthily, catetl and drinketh daimation to
his soul; therefore if yo know that a mau is unworthy to eat
and drink of my tlesh and blood, ye sbull forbid him; neverthe-
less ye shall not cast him ont trom among you, but ye shall
minister unto him, aud sill pray for him unto the Father, ia
my name, an | if itso be that he repenteth, and is baptized in
my wine, then sivall ye receive him, aud shall minister unto
him ur my flesh and blood; but if he repent not, lie shall not be
numbered amoug my people, that he may not destroy my people;

   

 

  

 

 

   
 

   
