* hath commanded me th

cuar. Ix] BOOK OF NEPHI. 461

great fhith have I never seen among all the Jews; wherefore I
could not shew unto thein so great miracles, because of their
unbelief. Verily 1 say unto you, there are none of them that
have seen go great things as ye have seen; neither have they
heard so great things as ye have heard.

7. Aad it came to pass that he conumanded the nulutude that
they should cease to pray, and also his dive And he com-
mauded them that they should not cease to pray in their hearts.
And ho commanded them that they should arise and stand upon
their foet. And they arose up and stood upon their feet. And
it came to pass that he brake bread again, and blessed it, and
gave to the disciples to eat. And whien thoy had eaten le com-
manded them that they should break bread, and give it unto the
multinde. And when they had given uuto the multitude, he
algo gave then wine to drink, and commanded thei that they
should give unto the multitude, Now there had been uo bread,
neither wine, brought by the disciples, neitier by the multitude;
but he truly gave them broad to eat, and also wine to drink; aud
he said unto them, He that catevh this bread, eateth of my body
to his soul, and he that drinketh of this wine, drinketh of my
blood to his soul, and his soul shall never hunger nor thirst, but
shall be filled. "Now when the multitude had all eaten’ and
drunk, behold they were filled with the Spirit, and they did ory
‘out with one yoice, and gave glory to Jeaus, whom they both
saw and heard,

8. And it came to pass that when they had all given glory
unto Jesns, he said mito them, Behold now I finish the com-
mandment which the Father hath commanded me concerning
this people who are a remnant of the houso of Israel. Ye re-
member that 1 spake uuto yon, anc said that when the words
of Isuinh should be fulfilled, behold they are written, ye have
them before you ; thorcfore Searels them, And verily, verily I
say unto you, that when they shall be fulfilled, then is the ful-
filling of the ‘covenant which the Father hatl made uuto his
people. 0 house of Israel, then shall the remuants which shall
be seattered abroad upon the face of the earth, bu yathered in
from the east, and from the west, and from the Sontis, an trom
the north; and they shall be brought to the knowledge of the
Lord their God, who hath redecmed then. And the Father
Tshonld give unto you this land, for
your inheritance. And I say unto you, that if the Gentiles do
hot repent, after the blessing which they shall receive, afer
they have scattered my people, then shall ye who are aremnant
of the house of Jacob, go forth among them; and ye shall he
in the midst of them .who shall be many; and yo shail be among

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
