462 BOOK OF NEPHI. [onar. 1x.

them, as aJion among the beaats of the forest, and as a young
lion among the flocks of sheep, who, if he goeth through, both
treadeth down and teareth in pieces, and none can deliver.
‘Thy hand shall be lifted up upon thine adversaries, and all thine
enemies shall be cut off. And I will gather my people together,
as a man gathereth his sheaves into the floor, for I will make my
people with whom the Father hath covenanted, yes, I will make
thy horn iron, and I will make thy hoofs brass. And thon shalt
beut in pieces many people; and I will consecrate their gain
unto the Lord, and their substance unto the Lord of the whole
earth, And behold, I am he who doeth it.

9. ‘And it shall comne to pass, saith the Father, that the sword
of my justice shall hang over thera at that day; and except they
repeui, it shall fall upon them, saith tho Father, yea, even upon
all the uations of the Gentiles. And it shall come to pasa that
I will establish my peoplo, O honge of Israel. And behold, this
people will I eatablish in this land, unto the fulfiling of the cov-
énam. which I made with your father Jacob; and itshall be anew
Jerusalem, And the powers of heaven shall be in the midst
of this people; yea, even I will bein the mnidst of you. Behold,
Tam he of whom Moses spake, saying. A prophet shall the Lord
‘your God raise up unto you of your brethren, like unto me, him
shall ye hear in all things whatsoever he shall say unto you.
And it shall come to pass that every soul who will not hear that,
prophet, shall bo cut off from among tie people. Verily, I say
unto you, yea; and all the prophets from Samuel, and those that
follow after, ay many as have spoken, have testified of me.
And behold ye are the children of the prophets; and ye are of
the house of Israel; and ye are of the covenant which the
Fathor made with your fathers, saying unto Abraham, Aud in
thy seed, shall ail the kindreds of the earth be blessed; the Father
having raised ine up anto you first, snd sent me to bless you,
in turning away every one’ of you from his iniquities; and this
because ye are the children of the coveuant, And afer that
‘ye Were blessed, then fulfilleth the Father the covenant whieh he
ina le with Abralvun, saying, In thy goed shall all the kindreds
of Ue earth be blessed, unto the pouring out of the Holy Ghost
rough we upon the Gentiles, which blessing upon the Gen-
shall make thom mighty above all, unto the scattering of
imy people, O house of Israel: and they sluill be a scourge unto
the peuple of this land. Nevertheless, when they shall have
received the fulness of my xospel, then if they stall harden their
hearts azuinst me, £ will return their iniquiti ~s upon their own
heads, saith the Father. And I will remember the covenant
which T have made with my peuple, and I have covenanted

 

 

  

 

 

 
