464 BOOK OF NEPHL jouar. 1x.

the Fuser bath covenauted with bis people, be fulfiied; and
then shall Jerusalem be inhabited again with my people, and it
shall be the land of their inleritauce. Aud vorily, I say unto
you, [ give unto you a sig, that ye may kuow the time whe
these things shall be about to take place, that I shall gather iu
Teom their long dispersion, my people, O house of Israel, and
shall ostabligh again among tem my Zion. And behold, thiy
is the thing which I will give unto you for a sign, for verily £
say uty you, that when these thiugs which I declare unto you,
aud which [shall declare unto you hereafter of myself, and by
the power of the Holy Ghost, which ball be given unto you of
the Father, shall be made known unto the Gentiles, that they’
nny kuow coneerniug this people who are a remnant of the
house of Jacob, aud concerning this my people who shall be
seattered by them; verily, verily, I say unto you, When these
Uhings shall be made known unto them of the Father, and aliall
conte forth of the Father, from them unto you, for it is wisdom
in the Father that they should be established in this land, and
be get up as a free people by the power of the Father, that
these things might come forth from thei unto a remnant of
your sel, that the covenant of the Father may be ‘ulfilled
Which he luth coveuanted with his people, 0 house of Israel
tuerefore, when these works, and the works which slall be
Wrought amoug you hereafter, shull come forth from the Gon
tiles unto your séed, whieh shall dwindle in unbelief because of
iniquity; for thus it behooveth the Father that it shovld come
‘orth trom the Goutiles, that he may shew forth his power unte
the Gentiles, for this cause, that the Gentiles, if they will not
harden their hearts, that they may repent and come ‘into me,
and be baptized in my name, and know of the true points of my.
doctrine, that they may be numbered atnong my people. O house
of Israel: und wien these things come to pass, that thy seed
shall begin to know these things, it shall be a sign unto them,
that they imay know that the work of the Father hatn already
commenced unto the fulfilling of the covenant which {ro hath
made wito the people who are of the house of Israel. Aud
when that day shall come, it shall come to pass that kings shall
slut their mouths; for that which had not been told tnew shall
they see; and that whicl: they had not heard shall they consider.
For in that day, for my sake shall the Fathq work a work,
which shall be a great and a marvelous work amoug them; and
there shail be ainong then those who will uot believe it, although.
wing shall declare it unto them. But behold, the life of my
servaut shall be in my hand; therefore they shall not hurt him,
althougii ho shall be marred because of them, Yet I will heal

  

 

 

 

aT
