cHAP. x.] BOOK OF NEPHI. 465

‘sim, for I will show unto them that my wisdom is greater than
the cunning of the devil. 3

12, Therefore it shall come to pasa, that whosoever will not
oelieve in my words, who am Jesus Christ, whom the Father
stall canse him to bring forth unto the Gentiles, and sliall give
unto him power that he shalt bring them forti unto the Gentiles,
(it shall be done even as Moses aid), they shall be cut off from
among my people who are of the covenant; and my people who
are a remuant of Jacob, shall bo amoug the Gentiles, yea, in the
midst of them, as lion among the beasts of te forest, as a young
lion among the flocks of sheep, who, if he go througli both
treadeth down aud teareth in pieces, aud none can deliver.
Their hand shall be lifted up upon their adversaries, and all
their enemies shall be cut of Yea, wo be unto the Gentiles,
except they repent, for it shall come to pass in that day, saith
the Father, that I'will cut off thy horses out of the midst of
shee, and I'will destroy thy cluriota, and I will eut off the cities
of thy land, aud throw down all thy strong holds; and I will cut
off witcherafts out of thy land, and thou shalt have no more
soothsayers: thy graven imayes I will also cut off, and thy stand-
ing images out of the midst of thee; aud thou ‘shalt no more
worship the works of thy hands; and I will pluck up thy grovea
aut of the midst of thee; so will I destroy thy cities. And it
shall come to pase that all lyings, and deceivings, and envyings,
and strifes, und priesterafis and whoredoms, shail be done away.
For it shall come to pass, saith the Father, that at that day,
swhosoever will not repent and come unto my beloved Son, th:
will I cut off from among my people, O house of Israel, and I
will execute vengeance and fury upon them, even as upon the
heathen, such as they have not heard.

 

  

 

 

 

CHAPTER X.

1, Bur if they will repent, and hearken unto my words, and
harden not their hearts, I will establish my cliureh among them,
and they shall come in unto the covenant, and be numbered
anong this the-remnant of Jacob, unio whom I have giveu
this land for their inheritance, and they shall assist my people,
the remnant of Jacob; and also, as many of the house of Israel
as shall come, that they may build a city, which shall be called
tne New Jerusalem; and then shall they assist my people that
they may be gathered in, who are scattered npon all the face of
the land, in unto the New Jerusalem. And then shall the

   
