466 BOOK OF NEPHI. (omar. x.

power of heavan come down among them; and I also will be im
‘the midst, and then shall the work of the Father commence, at
that day even when this gospel ahall be preached among the
remnant of this people. Verily, I say unto you, At that day
shall the work of the Father commence among all the dispersed.
of my people; yea, even the tribes which lave been lost, whieit
. the Father lath led away out of Jerusalem. Yea, the wor
hall commence among all the dispersed of my people, with tie
Father, to prepare the way whereby they may come unto me,
that they may call on the Father in my name; yea, and then
shall the work commence, with the Father, among all nations,
in preparing the way whereby his peoplo may be gathered
home to the land of their inheritance. And they shall go ous
from all nations; and they shall not go out in haste, nor go by
flight; for I will go betvre them, saith the Father, and I will be
their rearward. “And then slit that which is writen come to
ng, O barren, thou that didst not bear; break forth
into singing, and cry aloud, thou that didat not travail with
child; for more arc’ the children of the desolate tlan theychil-
dren of the married wife, saith the Lord. Enlarge the place of
thy tent, and let thom stretch forth the curtains of thy habita-
tions; spare not, lenzthen thy cords, and strengthen thy stakes:
for thou shalt break forth on tho right lund and on the loft;
and thy sced sliall inherit the Gentiles, and make the desolate
cities to be iuhabited. Fear not; for thou shalt not be ashamed ;
neither be thou confounded; for thou slialt not be put to shame:
for thou shalt forget the shate of thy youth, and shalt not
remember the reproach of thy youth, and shalt not remember
tho roproach of thy widowhood any more. For thy maker, thy
husband, the Lord of hosts is his namo; und thy Redeemer, the
Holy One of Israel; the God of the whole earth sinll be be
called. For the Lord atl. called thee as a woman forsaken and
grieved in spirit, and » wite of youth, when thou wast refused,
saith thy God. For a small moment have I forsaken thea; but
with great mercies will I gather tuce. Iu a little weath 1 hid
any face from thee for a moment; Lut with everlasting kindness
will L have mercy on thee, saith the Lurd thy Redeemer. For
this, the waters of Noah unto me, for ay {have seorn that the
waters of Noah should no more go over the earth, so have I
sworn that I would not be wroth with thee, For the moun-
tains shall depart and the hills bo removed; but my kindness
shall uot depart from thee, neither shall the covenant of my
people bo reinoved, saith the Lord that hath merey on thee.
2. 0 thou afficted, tossed with tempest, and not comforted!
behold, I will lay thy stones with fair colors, and Iny thy foun-

 

 

 

  

creme

 
