470 BOOK OF NEPHI. [omar xn.

should melt with fervent heat, and the earth should be wrapt
together as a scroll, and the heavens and the earth should pass
away; and even unto the great and last day, when all people,
and all kindreds, and all. nations and tongues shall stand before
God, to be judged of their works, whether they be good or
whether they be evil; if they be good, to the resurrection of
everlasting life; and if they be evil, to the resurrection of dam-
nation, being on a parallel, the one“on the one hand, and the
otber on the other hand, according to the mercy, and the justice,
and the holiness which is in Christ, who was before the world

began.

CHAPTER XII.

1. AND now there cannot be written in this book, even a
hundredth part of the things which Jesus did truly teach unto
the people; but beliold the plates of Nephi do contain the more
part of the things which he taught the people; and these things
have I written, which are a lesser part of the things which ie
taught the people; and J have written them to the intent that
they may be brougbt again unto this people, from the Gentiles,
according to the words which Jesus hath spoken, Aud when
they shall have received this, which is expedient that they
should have first, to try their faith, and if it shall so be that they
shall believe these things, then shall the greater things te mada
manifest unto them. And if it so be that they will not believe
these things, then shall the gremer things he withheld fom
them, unto their condemnation. Behold I were about to write
them’ all which were engraven upon the plates of Nephi, but
the Lord forbid it, suying, I will try the faith of my people; there-
fore 1, Morinon, do write the things which have been com-
manded me of the Lord. And now f. Mormon, make au end of
my sayings, and proceed to write the things which have been
commanded me; therefore I would that ye should behold tit
the Lord truly did teach the people, for the space of three days;
and after that, he did shew himself unto them oft, and did break
bread oft, and bless it, and gave it unto them.

2, And it came to pass that he did teach and minister unto
the children of the multitude of whow hath been spoken, and
he did loose their tongues, and they did speak unto their fathers
great and marvelous things, even greater than he had revealed
unto the people, and loosed their tongues that they could utter.
And it came to pass that after hie had ascended into heaven the
second time, that he shewed himself unto them, and had gone

    
