472 BOOK OF NEPHL. {eaae. x.

Verily 1 say unto you, that ye are built upon my gospel; there-
fore vo sliuil call whatsoever thiags ye do call in my name;
therefore if ye call upon the Father, for the church, if it be in
my name, the Father will héar you; and if it so be that the
church is built upon my gospel, chen will the Father shew forth,
his own works in it; but if it be not built upoa my gospel, and
is built upon the works of men, or upon the works of the devil,
verily I say uato you, they have joy in their works for a seasou,
and ‘by aud by the end cometh, and they are hewu down and
east into the fire, from whence there is no return; for their
works (lo follow them, for itis because of their works that they
are hewn down; therefore remember the things that I have
told you, Beliold I have given unto you my gospel, aud this is
the xospel which I have given unto you, that I came mto the
world to do the will of my Father, because my Father sent me;
and my Father sent me that I might be lifted up upon the cross;
and after that I hud been lifted up upon the cross, I might draw
all meu unto me; that as I have been lifted up by men, even 30
should men be lifted up by the Father, to stand before me, to
bo judged of their works, whether they be good or whether
they be evil; and for this cause have I been lifted up; therefore,
according to the power of the Futher, I will draw all men unto
me, that they may be judged uecording to ther works.

4. And it shail come to pass, that whoso repenteth and is
buptized in my name, shall be tilled; and if he endureth to the
end, behold, him will I hold guiltless hefore my Father, at thatday
when I shail stand to judge the world, And he that endureth
Bot unto the end, the same is he that 18 also hewn down and
east into the fire, from whence they can no more return, because
of the justice of the Pather; and this is the word whiclt he hath
given unto the children of men. And for this cause he fulfilleth
the words which he hath given, and he lieth not, but fuifilleth
all his words; and no unctem thing can enter into bis kingdom;
therefore nothing entereth into lis rest, save it be those who
have washed their garments in my blood. because of their faith,
aud the repentance of all their sins, and their faithfulness unto
the end. Now this is the commandment; Repeut, all ye ends
of tlw earth, and come unto me and be baptized in my name,
tht ve may be sanctified by the reception of the Holy Ghost,
that ‘ye may stand spotless before me atthe last day. Verily,
verily [ say unto you, this is my gospel; and ye know the things
that yo must doin my clurch; for the works which ye have
seen ‘me do, that shail ye also do; for that which ye have seen
me do, even that shall ye do; therefore if ye do these things,
blessed arc ye, for ye shall he lifted up at the last day.

 

 
