474 BOOK OF NEPHI. (cmap. xu.

‘Decause ye desired this thing of me; therefore after that ye are
seventy and two years old, ye shall ‘come unto me in my king-
dom, and with me ye shall find rest. And when he had spoken
unto them, le tured himself unto the three, and said unto
them, What will ye that I should do unto you, when I am gone
unto the Father? And they sorrowed in their hearts, for they
durst not speak nto him the thing which they desired. And
he said unto them, Betiold I know your thoughts, and ye have
desired the thing which John, my beloved, who was with me in
my ministry, before that I was lifted up by the Jews, desired of me;
therefore more blessed are ye, for ye shall never taste of death,

}

but ye shall live to behold all the doings of the Father, unto the -

children of men, evon until ull things shall he fulfilled, according
to the will of the Father, when I shall come in my glery, with
the powers of heaven; and ye shall never endure the paina of
death; but when I shall comein my glory, ye shall be changed
in the twinkling of an eye, from mortality to immortality; and
then shall yo be blessed in the kingdom of my Father, | And
again, yeshall not have pain while ye shall dwell in the flesh,
neither sorrow, save it be for the sins of the world; aud all this
will I do because of the thing which ye have desired of me, for
ye have desired that ye might bring the souls of men unto me,
While the world shail stand; and for this cause ye shall have
fallness of joy; and ye shall sit dowa in the kingdom of my
Father; yea, your joy sliall be full, even as the Father hath
given me fullness of joy; and ye shall be even as I am, and Tam
even as the Father; and the Father and Tare one; and the Holy
Ghost beareth record of the Father and me; and the Father
giveth the Holy Ghost unto the children of men, because of me.

4. And it came to pass that when Jesus had spoken these
words, he touched every one of them with his @nger, save it
were the three who were to ta:ry, and then he departed. And
behold, the heavens were opened, and they were caught up
into heaven, andsaw and heard unspeakable things, “And it
ras forbidden them that they should utter: neither was it given
unto them power that they could utter the things which they
saw and heard; and whether they were in the body or out of
the body, they could not tell; for it did seem unto them like a
transfiguration of them, that they were changed from this body
of flesh, into an immortal state, that they could behold the
things of God. But it came to pass that they did again minister
upon the face of the earth; nevertheless they did not minister
of the things which they had leard and seen. becanse of the
‘commandment which was given them in heaven. Aud now
whether they were mortal or immortal, from the day of their

 

 
