omar. 1.) - BOOK OF MORMON. 483

the space of about four years, that there was no blood shed.
But wickedness did prevail upon the face of the whole land,
insomuch that the Lord did take away his beloved disciples, and
the work of miracles and of healing did cease, because of the
iniquity of the people. And there were no gifts from the Lord,
and the Holy Ghost did uot come upon any, because of their
wickedness and unbelief. And I, being fifteen years of age, and
being somewhat of a sober mind, therefore I was visited of the
Lord, and tasted, and knew of the goodness of Jesus, And I
did endeavor to preach unto this people, but my mouth was
shut, and I was forbidden that I should preach unto them; for
behold they had wilfully rebelled against their God, and’ the
beloved disciples were taken awyy out of the land, because of
thoir iniquity. But Idid remain among them, but I was for-
bidden to preach unto them, beeanse of the hardness of their
hearts; and because of the hardness of their hearts, the land
was cursed for their suke. And these Gadianton robbers, who
were among the Lamanites, did infest the land, insomnclt that
the inhabitants thereof began to hide up their treasures in the
earth; and they became slippery, because the Lord had cursed
the land, that they could not hold them nor retain them again.
And it came to pass that there were sorceries, and witchcratta,
and magics; and the power of the evit one was wrought upon
all the face of the land, even unto the fulfilling of all the words
of Abinedi, and also Samuel tho Lamanite,

3. And it camo to pass in that same year, there hegun to be
a war again between the Nephites and the Lamanites. Aud
notwithstanding I being young, was lange in stature, therefore
the people of Nephi appointed me that I should be their leader,
or the leader of their armies, Therefore it came to pass that in
my sixteenth year I did go forth at the hoad of an army of the
Nephites, against the Lamanites; therefore three hundred and
twenty and six years had passed away. And it came to pass
that in the three hundred and twenty and seventh year, the La-
manites did come upon us with execeding great power, insomuch
that they did frighten my armies; therefore they would not
fight, and they began to retreat towards the north countries.
And it came to pass that we did come to the city of Angola, ant
we did tuke possession of the city, and make preparation to
defend ourselves against tho Lamanites. Aud it came to prs
that we did fortify the city with our mights; but notwith.
standing all our fortifications, te Lamanites did come upon ws,
and did drive us out of the city. And they did alvo drive us
forth out of the land of David. And we marched forth and
came to the land of Joshua, which was in the borders west, by

 

  
