484 BOOK OF MORMON. - [cuap. 1.

the seashore. And it camo to pass that we did gather in our
people ag fast us it were possible, that we might yet them
together in one body. But behold, the land was filled with
robvers and with Lamanites; and notwithstanding the great
destruction which hung over my people, they did not repent of
their evil doings; therefore there was blood and carnage spread
Uhronyli all the fhce of the land, both on the part of the Neph-
ites. and abso on the purt of the Lamanites: and it was one com-
plete revolution throughout all the fuce of the land. And now
the Lamanites had a king, and his name was Aaron; and he

me wgainst us with an army of forty and four thousand. And
behold, I withstood him with forty and two thousand. And it
came to pass that I beat him with my army, that he fled before
me. And behold, all this was done and three hundred and
thirty years had passed away.

4. And it came tw pass that the Nephites begun to repent of
their imquity, and began to ery even us had been prophesied by
Samuel the propliet; for behold no man could keep what was
his own, for the thieves, and the robbers, and the murderers,
and the’ magic art, and the witchcraft which was ia the land.
Thus there began to bo a mourning and a lamentation in all the
land, because of these things; and more especially among the
people of Nephi. Aud it came to puss that when 1, Mormon,
saw their lamentations, and their mourning, and their sorrow
before the Lord, my heart did begin to rejoice within me, know.
ing the mercies’ aud the loug suffering of the Lord, therefore
supposing that he would be merciful unto them, that they would
again become a righteous people. But beheld this my joy was
vain, for their sorrowing was not utito repentance, because of
the goodness of God, but it was rather Ule sorrowing of the
damned. because the Lord wonld not always suffer them to take
happiness in sin. Aud they did not come unto Jesus with
broken learts and contrite spirits, but they did curse God, and
wish to die, Nevertheless they would struggle with the sword
for their lives. Aud it came to pass that my sorrow did return
unto me again, and T saw that the day of grace was past with
them, both temporally and spiritually, for T saw thousands of
tiem hewn down in open rebellion against their God and Leuped
pas dung upon the fice of the land, And thus three hundred
and forty and four years had passed away.

5, And it came to pass that in tho throe hundred und forty
and Bitl year, the Nephites did begin to flee before the Laman-
ites, and they were pursued until they came even to the land of
Jashon, before it was possible to stop them in their retreat.
And now the city of Jashou was near the land where Ammaron

 

  

 

 

 

 
