cHar. 1.) BOOK OF MORMON. 489

And it came to puss that in the three hundred and sixty and
seventh year, the Nephites, being angry heeause the Lamanives
had sacriticed their women and their children, that they did yo
against the Lamanites with exceeding great anger. insomuch
that they did beat aguin the Lamanites, aud drive them ont of
their lands; and the Lamunites did not come against the Neph-
ites until the three hundred and seventy und fifth year. And
in this year they did come down against the Nephites with all
their powers; and they were not numbered because of the
greatness of their number. And from this time forti did the
Nephites gain no power over the Lamanites, but began to be
ewept off before them even asadew before the sun. Aud it
eame to pass that the Lamanites did come down against the ci
Desolation; aul there was an exceeding sore buttle fought in
the land Desolation, in the wisich they did beat the Neplites.
And they fied again from before them, and they came to the
city Boaz; and there they did stand against the Lamanites with
exceeding boldness, insornach that tho Lamauites did not beat
them until they had come again the second time. And when
they had come aguin the second time, the Nephites were driven
and slaughtered with an exceeding great slaughter; their women
and their children were again sacrificed unto idols. And it
‘came to pass that the Nephites did again flee from before them,
taking all the inhabitants with them, both in towns and villages.
And now I, Mormon, seeing that the Iamanites were about to
overthrow the land, thereiore I did go to the hill Shim, and did
fabs upoll. the coe whieh Amare had bid up unto the
rd.

4. And it came to pags that I did go forth among the Nephites,
and did repent of the oath which I lad made, that I would no
more assist them: and they gave me command again of their
armies; for they looked upon tne #5 though I could deliver thera
from their afflictions. But behold, 1 was without hin, for T
knew the judgments of the Lord whieh should come upon the
for they repented not of their iniquities, but did struggle for
“theft lives, without calliug on that being who created them.
And it came to pass that the Lamanites did come ayztinst
we lind fled to the city of Jordan; but beliold, they were driven
back that they did not take the city at chat tine. Awd it caine
to pass that they came ayaiust us again, and we did maintain
the city. Aud there were also other cities whieh were rine
tained by the Nephites, which strong holds did cut tem off
that they could not get into the country which lay before us to
destruy the inhabitants of our land. But it eame to puss that
whatsoever lauds we had passed by, and the inhabitants thereof

 

   

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

  

  

   

 
