494 BOOK OF MORMON. [cmar. rv.

unto the Son, and unto the Holy Ghost, which are one God, in
a state of happiness which hath no end. Therefore repent, and
be baptized in the name of Jesus, and lay hold upon the gospel
of Christ, which shall be set before you, not ouly in this record,
but aiso in the record which shall come unto the Gentiles
from the Jews, which record shall come from the Gentiles unto
you. For behold, this is written for the intent that ye may
believe that; and if ve may believe that, ye will believe this
also; and if ye believe this, ye will know concerning your
fathers, and also the marvelous works which were wrought by
the power of God among them; and ye will also know that ye
are a remnant of the seed of Jacob; therefore ye are numbered
among the people of the first covenant; and if it so be that ve
believe in Christ, and aro baptized, first with water, then with
fire and with te Holy Ghost, following the example of our
Savior according to that which he hath commanded us, it shall
be well with you in the day of judgment. Amen.

CHAPTER IV.

1, Bexoun T, Moroni, do finish the record of my father Mor-
mon. Behold, T have but few things to write, which things L
Thave becn commanded of my father. And now it came to pass
that atter the great and tremendous battle at Camorah, behold,
the Nephites who bad escaped into the conutry southward,
were hunted hy the Lamanites, until they were all destroyed;
and my father also was killed by them; and I, even remain
alone to write the sad tale of the destruction of my people. But
behold, they are gone, and [ fulfill the commandment of ny
father.’ And whether they will slay me, I know not; therefore T

write and lide up the records in the earth, and whither I go
itmattereth not. Behold, my fatixer hath made this record, and
hhe hath written the intent thereof. And behold, I would write
italso, if T had room upon the plates; but I have not; and ore
have none, for am alone; my father hati been slain in battle,
and ali my kinstotks, and I have not friends, nor whither to go;
and how long the Lord will suffer that I may live, I know not.
Behotd, four hundred years have passed away since the coming
of our Lord and Savior. And be’.old, the Lamanites have hunted
my people, the Nephites, down from city to city, und from place
to place, even until they are no more, and great has been their
fail; ven, great and marvelous ia the destruction of my people,
the Nephites. And behold, it is the hand of the Lord which

   

 
