cwar. rv.] BOOK OF MORMON. 4965

hath done it. And behold also, the Lamanites are at war one
with another; and the whole face of this lund is one continual
round of imurder and bloodshed: and no one knoweth the end
of the war. And now behold, I suy uo more concerning them,
for there are none, save it be the Lamanites and robbers, that
do exist upon the fuce of the land; and there are none that do
know the true God, suve it be the disciples of Jesus, who did
tarry in the land until the wickeduess of the people wus #0 great
that the Lord would not suffer them to remain with the people;
and whether they be upon the fuce of the land, no matt knoweth.
But behold, my father and I have seen them, and they have
ministered unto us. Afd whoso receiveth this record, and
shall not condemn it because of the imperfections which are in
it, the same shall know of greater things than these. Behold,
Tam Moroni; and were it possibie, I would make all things
known unto you.

2, Beluold, { make an end of speaking coucerning this people.
Iam the son of Mormon, aud my father was a descendant of
Nephi; and Iam the same who hideth up this record unto the
Lord; the plates thereof are of no worth. because of the com-
mandment of the Lord, For he truly saith, that no one shall
have them to get gain; but the record thereof is of grea worth;
and whoso sbull bring it to light, him will the Lord bless. For
uone can have power to bring it to light, save it be given him
of God; for God will that it shall be done with an eye single to
hia glory, or the welfare of the anciout and long dispersed cove-
nant people of the Lord. And blessed be him that sliall bring
this thing to light; for it ahall be brought out of darkness unto
fight, according to'the word of God; yea, it shall be brought out
of the earth, and it shall shine forth out of darkness, and come
unto the knowledge of the people: and it shull be done by the
power of God; and if there be faults, they be the faults of a man.
But. behold, we know no fault; nevertheless, Gud knowetb all
things; therefore he tht condemneth, let him beware lest be
shail be in danger of hell fire. Aud he that sayeth, Shew unto,
me, or ye shall be smitten, let lim beware lest he commandeth
that which is forbidden of the Lord. For behold, the same that
judgeth rasily, shall be judged rashly again; for according to
his works shall his wages be; therefore, he that smiteth, shall
be smitten again of the Lord.” Behold what the seripture says
man shall not smite, neither shall he judge; for judgment is
mine, saith the Lord; and vengeance is tine also, and 1 will
repay. And hie that shall breathe out wrath and strifes against
the work of the Lord, and against the coverant people of the
Lord, who are the house of Israel, and shall suy, We will destroy

 

 

 

  
