onaP. tJ BOOK OF ETHER. 501

from the twenty and four plates whieh were found by the people
of Limi, which is called the book of Ether. And as I suppose
that the first. part of this record, which speaks concerning the
creation of the world, and also of Adam, and au acount from
thut time even to the great tower, and whatsoever thinyss (rs.
pired among the chiklren of men until that tine, is Lad anion
the Jews, therefore 1 do not write those things whieh transpired
from the days of Adam until that time; but they are hud upon
the plates; and whose £Jeth them, tie same will have power
dint he may get th. iui! uecount. “But beliold, I give not the
{ull aceoutt, buc a purt of the account I give, from tie tower
down until they were destroyed. And on this wise «lo I ive
the aeeount. [le that wrote this reeord was Ether, and he wus
a descenant of Coriautor; Coriautor was th Moron; aud
Moron was the son of Ethetn; and Bthem was the son uf Alias
and Alul was the son of Seth: and Seth was the son of Shillong
and Shiblon was the gon of Com; and Com was the san of Corie
autumn; and Coriantum was the soz of Acnnigaddah; and Anmut-
zwidall was the gon of Aaron; aud Aaron was a desceudaut of
Huh, who was the son of Hearthom; and Hearthom was the
sou of Lib; wud Lib was the son of Kish; aud Kish was the son
af Coruna; and Corum was the sou of Levi; ad Levi was the
sou of Kim; ane Kini was the son of Morianton:
wasadesecnlant of Riplakish; and Riphikish was asin af Shezs
and Shox was the som of Heth; aad [etl was the sou of Com;

 
     

    

 

 

 

  

    

   

   
 

   

sol
i tel SWnhs War Wie don Bf IVS aaa tlie som
of Orililn who was the son of Jared; which Jaret cane tort
with his brother aud dieir fimilies, with some others and their
funilics, from the great wwer, at dhe time the Lord coutounded
the language of the people, aul swear in his wrath that they
should Ty: scattered upon all the favo of the earth; and according
to the word of the Lord the people were seattered, And the
brother of Jared beig a lange aud mighty man, and being a tan
highly tavored of the Lords for Jared his brother said unto hiun,
Cry ante the Lord, that he will vot confornd ns that we may not
tusletstand our words, And it came to. press that tiie brother
of Jared did ery uty the Lord, and the Lad haul corpsston,
upon Jured; therefore he did uot confound the luycuase
Sared; and Jared and his brotier were not confounded. — Then
Tared gait mito his brother, Cry «sin unto the Lord, and it may
be that be will turn away his anger from tem who are our
friends, that le confomul not their Lingnage. Aud it came to
pass that the brother of Jared did ery unto the Lord, and the

  

   

 

   

    

 

 

 

   

 

 

  

 
