502 BOOK OF ETHER. [onar. x

Lord liad compassion upon their friends, and their famities also,
and they were uot confounded. And it came to pass that Jared
spake again unto his brother, saying, Gu and inquire of the Lord
whether he will drive us out of the land, and if he will drive ua
out of the land, cry unto him whither we shall go, And who
Knoweth but the Lord will carry us forth into a land that is
choice above all the earth, And if it so be, let us be fuithful
unto the Lord, that we may receive it for our inheritance,

2. And it came to pass that the brother of Jared did ery unto
the Lord according to that which had been spoken by the mouth
of Jared. And it camo to pass that the Lord did hear the brotheg
of Jared, and had compassion upon hitn, and said unto him, Go
toand gather together thy flocks, both male and female, of every
kind; and also the seed of the éarth of every kind, and thy fam-
ilies; and also Jared thy brother and his fanily; and also thy
friends and their families, and the friends of Jared and their fam.
ilies, And when thou hast done this, thon stalt goat the head
of them down into the valley, which is northward, And thera

will Tyueet thee, aud will go before theo into a land which is
Soler aeat al ioe ata de oath And there will T bless
thee aud thy seed, and raise up unto me of thy seed, and of the
seed of thy brother, and they who shall go with thee, a great na-
tion. And there shall be none greater than the nation which 1
will raise up unto me of thy seed, upon all the face of the earth.
And thus I will do unto thee because this long time ye have
cried unto me,

3. Andit came to that Jared, and his brother, and their
families, and also the friends of Jured and his brother. and their
farnilies, went down into the valley which was northward, (and
the name of the vailey was Nimrod, being called after the mighty
hunter), with their flocks which they lad gathered together,
male and female, ofevery kind. And they did also lay snares and
catch fowls of the air, and they did also prepare a vessel, in which
they did carry with them the fish of the waters; and they did also
carry wit them deseret, which, by interpretation is honey bee;
and thus they did carry with them swarms of bees, and all man-
ner of that which was upon the face of the land, seeds of every
kin. And it came to pass that when they had come down into
the valley of Nimrod, the Lord came down and talked with the
brother of Jared; and he was in acloud, and the brother of Jared
saw him not. And it came to pass that the Lord commanded
them that they should go forth into the wilderness, yea, into that

juarter whero there never had man been. And it came to pass.
t the Lord did go before them, and did talk with them as he
atood in # cloud, and gave directions whither they should travel.

 

 

  
     

 

 

 
