CHAP.) BOOK OF ETHER. 505

these thiogs: for howbeit, ye cannot cross this great deep, save T
prepare you against the waves of the sea, and the winds witich
have one forth, and the Hoods whieh shall come. Therefore
what will ye that I should prepare for you, that ye may huave
light when ye are swallowed up iu the depths of the sea?

‘7. And it came to pass Uat the brother of Jared, (now the
number of the vessels which had been prepared, was cil),
went fortl unto the mount, which they called the monnt Sheiem,
because of its exceeding height, and did moulten out of a rock
sixteen small stones; and they were white and clear, even as
transparent glass, and lie did carry them in his luuds upon the
top of the mount, and eried again wuto the Lord, saying. O Lord,
thou hast said that we must be encompassed about by the Hoods,
Now behold, 0 Lord, and do tiot be angry with thy servant
becuuse of his weakness before thee; for we know that thou
art holy, and dwellest in the heavens, und tlt we ure unworthy
before thee; hecause of the fall onr natures have heeonw evil
continually; nevertheless. 0 Lord, thou hast given us a com-
mandment tint we must cull upon thee, that from thee we may
receive according to our desires. Behold, 0 Lord, thou hast
smitten us Lecause of our iniquity, wud hath driven us forth. and,
for this many years we have been in the wilderuess; neverthe-
Jess, thou hast been merciful unto us. O Lord, look apon me
in pity, and turn away thine anger from this ty people, aud
suffer not that they shall go forti: across this raging deep in
darkness, but behold these things which I have moulten out of
the rock. And T know, O Lond, that thou hast ail power. and
can do whatsoever thon wilt for the benefit of man: therefore
touch these stones, Lord, with thy finger, aud prepare tein
that they may shine forth in darkness: and the hall shine
forth unio ns in the vessels which we have prepared, that we
may have light while we shall cross the sea. Beltold, O Lord,
thou canst do this. We know that thou art able to slew forth
great power, which looks small unto the understanding of men.

8, Aud it came to pass that when the brother of Jare! iad
said these words, behold, the Lont stretehed forth his
touched the stones. one by one, with his’ ting nd the
was taken froin off the exes of the brother of Jurcl, ant he
saw the finger of the Lord; and it was ax the fuer of inn,
like unto flesh sid blood: and the brother of Jared fell down
before the Loni, for he was stenck with fewr, Aut the Lond
saw that the hrother of Jared had fallen ty the earth: and the
Lord said unto him, Arise, why hast thou fallen? Ant he saith
unto the Lord, Fsaw the finger of the Lord, and T feared test he
should. smite me: for I knew not that the Lord had flesi aud

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
    

 

  

 

 
