512 BOOK OF ETHER, (cua. in,

Nehor; and he begat, sons and daughters; and they became ex-
ceeding fair; wherefore Corihor drew away many people after
him, “And when ho had gatered together au army. he came
up unto the land of Moron where the king dwelt, and took him
captive, which brought to passthe saying of the brother bf Jared,
that they would be brougi:t iuto captivity. Now the land of
Morci: where the king dwelt, was near tle land which is called
Desolation by the Nephites. And it came to pass that Kib
dwelt in exptivity, and his people under Corihor his son, uutil he
became exceeding old; nevertheless Kib begat Shule in his old
age, while he was yet in captivity.

  

8. And itcame to pass tut Sule was augry with his brother;
and Shule waxed strong, and became mighty, as to the strength
of 4 moun; and was also miglty iu judgment. Wheretore he
came w Ue hill Kphraia, aud he did moulven out of the bill.and
make swords out of steel for those whom he had drawn away
with him; and after he lad armed them with swords, he returned
to the city Nebor and guve battle unto his brother Corihor, by
which means he obtained the kingdom, and restored it unto his
futher Kib. And now because of the thiug which Shule had
done, liis futher bestowed upou lim the kinydom; therefore he
began to reign in the stead of his father. Aud it eame to pase
tust he did execute judgment in righteousness; and he did
spread his kingdom upon all the face of the land, for the people
hud become exceeding numerons, And it came to pase thal
Stiule also begat many yons und daughters. And Corihor re
pented of te many evils which he had done; wherelore Shuke
gave him power in his kingdom, And it came to pass that
Corihior had many sons and daughters. And among the sons of
Corihor there was one whose name was Noab.

9. And it came to pass that Noh rebelled against Shule, the
king, and also hig father Corilor, aud drew away Color his
brother, and also all his bretren and many of the people. And
he gave battle unto Shule. the kiug, in which he did obtain the
land of their first inheritance: and he became a king over that
part of the land. And it came to pass that he gave battle again
unto Shule the king: and he took Shule the king, aud carried
him away captive into Moron. Aud it came to pass ag he was
about to put him to death, the sous of Shue crept into the house
of Noah by night and slew hiw, and broke down the door of the
prison and brought ont their fither, and placed him upon his
throne in lis own kingdom: wherefore tke son of Nouh did
build up his kingdom in his stead; nevertheless they did not
gain power any more over Shnle the king; andthe people who

 

 

 
