516 BOOK OF ETHER. [ouap. 1v.

CHAPTER IV.

1, AND now I, Moroni, proceed with my record, ‘Therefore
behold, it came to pass tint because of the secret combinations
of Akish and his frieuds, vehold they did overthrow the kiugdumt
of Uiuers uevertlieless the Lord was merciful unto Omer, and.
uby to his sons aud to his daughters, who did not seek his de-
suction, Aud the Lord warned Omer ina dreant that Le should
depart outot the kad; wherefore Omer departed out of tbe hand
with bis funily, and ‘traveled Mauy days, uid came over antl
passed by the ill of Shim, and cane over by the place where
the Nephites were destroyed, sud from thence eastward, aud
came w place which was called Ablom, by the seashore, and
there he pitched his tent, aud also his sons and his daugisters,
aud ull his Louseliuid, save 1 were Jared and isis family.

2. And it cane to puss that Jared was anointed king over the
people. by the hand of wickedness; and he gave unto Akish his
danghter to wife. And it came to pase that Akisl sought the
life of his father-in-law; and he applied anty those whom he had
aworn by the oath of the aucieuts, and they obtained the head
of his father-in-law, us he sat pon his throne, giving audieuce
to Lis people; for su great had been the spreading of this wicked
aud seeret society, tat it had corrupted the hearts of all the
people; uhcretore “L was amurdered upon his throne. aud
Akish reigued in his stexd. Aud it came to pass that Abish
began to be jealous of his son, therefore he shut hiat up in prisun,
aud kept him upon litte or no taod, until be hud suffered death.
And vow the brother of him that suffered death, (and his name
was Nimrali), was angry with his father, because of that whieh
his father had doue unto his brother. And it came to pass tat,
Nimrali gathered together a small number of men, aud tled out
of the land, and came over and dwelt with Omer. "And it came
ly pass that Akish begat cther guns, und they won the hearts uf
the people, notwithstanding they had sworn unto him to do all
hianuer of iniquity, according w that which he desired. Now
the people of Akish were desirous for gain, even as Akish was
desirous tor power; wherefore the sons of Akish did offer tiem
tnoney, by which oreans they drew away the more part of the
people after them; and there began to be a war between the sous
h. whicl: lasted for the space of many:

Yeu, wuto the destruction of nearly all the peoplo of the kingdom;
Yea, evet ull, save it were thirty souls, and they who fed with
the house of Ouer; wherefore Omer was restored again to the
Jand of his inheritance. And it came to pass that Omer began
te be old, nevertheless, in his old age be begat Kiner; and he

 

  

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
