cuar.1v.] BOOK OF ETHER. 519

to pase that his father did build up many cities upon the face of
the land, and the people began agaia to spread over all the tace
of the land, Aud shez did live to an exceeding old age; and le
begat Riplakis, aud he died. And Riplakish reigned in his
stend.

5. And it came to pass Wat Riplakish did not do that whiet
was right in the sight of the Lord, tor be did have may
wives and concubines, and did lay that upon men's shoulders
which was grievous to be borne: yeu, he did tax them with
heavy taxes; and with the taxes le did build many spacious
buildings. And he did erect him an exceeding beautiful throne;
and he did build many prisous, ated whoso would not Le-subject
unto taxes, lie did cast into prison; aud whoso wat uot able tw
pay taxes, he did cust into prison; aud he did cause that they
should lubor continually for ticir support; aud whoso refused
to labor, ine did cause to be put to deat; wheretore he did
obtain all his work; yea, eveu his tine guld’ he did cause w be
refined in prigon, and all manuer of tine workmanship he did
eanse to be wrought in prisous, And it came to puss that he
did. afflies the people will his whoredoms and abomivations;
and wheu he hud reigned for the space of furty aud two yeurs,
the people did raise up in rebellion wzaiust him, and there beau
ty be war again in the land, iusouuch that Riplakish was killed,
and his descendanta were driven out of the land.

6. And it came to pass alter the space of many yeurs, Morian-
ton, (be heing a descendant of Riplakish), gathered togetlier an
army of owteasts, and went forth and gave battle unto the peo-
ple; and Le gained power over many eities; avd the war became
exceeding sore, and did last for the space of many years. and he
did gain power over all the land, aud did establish himself king
over all the land, And after that he lui established himself
king, he did ease the burden of the people, by which he did
gain favor in the eyes of tie peuple, and they did anoint bit to
be their king. Aud lie did do justice unto the people. but not
unto himself, becawe of bis many whoredons; wherefore ke
‘was cut off from the presence of the Lord, Aud it eune to pass
that Mormnton built up many etties, and the people beau:
exceeding rich under hig reign, boti ia buildings, and in gold,
and in silver, and in raising grain, aud in Hocks, and heeds, and
such things which had been restored unto tiem. And Motian-
ton did live to un exceeding yreat age, and then he begat Kim;
and Kim did reign in the stead of Ihis father; and he did reign
eight years, und his father died, And iteame to pass that Kim
did not reign iu righteousness, wherefore re was uot favored of
the Lord. “And his brother did raise up in rebellion against

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 
