526 BOOK OF ETHER. (cwar. vi.

Christ, and the Holy Ghost, which besreth record of them, may
be, and abide with you forever. Amen.

CHAPTER VI.

1. Axpnow I, Moroni, proceed to fiuish my record concerning
the destruction of the people of whom I have been writing. For
belioli, they rejected all the words of Mther; for he truly told
them of ull things, from the beginning of mnan; and that after the
waters lad receded from off the face of this land, it became a
choice land above all other lands, a chosen land of the Lord;
wherefore the Lord would have that all men should serve him,
who dwell upon the face thereof; and that it was the place of the
New Jernsalem, which should come down out of heaven, and the
holy sinetuary of the Lord. Behold, Ether saw the days of Christ,
and he spake concerning a New Jerazalom upon this land; and
he spake also concerning the house of Israel, and the Jerusalem
from wheuce Lehi should come; after it should be destroyed, it
should be built up again a holy city unto the Lord; wherefore
it could not be a New Jerusalem, for it had been in time of old,
but it should be built up again, and become a holy city of the
Lord: and it should be built unto the house of Israel; and that
a New Jerusalem should be built up upon this land, unto the
Temnaut of the seed of Joseph. for which things there has been
a type; for as Joseph brought his father down into the land of
Egypt, even so he died there; wherefore the Lord brought a
rembant of the seed of Joseph ont of the land of Jerusalem, that
he might be merciful unto the seed of Joseph, that they should
perish not. even as he was merciful unto the father of Joseph,
that he should perish not; wherefore the remnant of the house of
Joseph shall be built upon this land; and it sball be a land of
their inheritance; and they shall build up a holy city unto the
Lord, like unto the Jerusalem of old; and they shall no more be
confounded, until the end come, when the earth shall pass away.
And there shall be a new heaven and a new earth; and they
siiall be like unto the old, save the old have passed away, and
all things have become new. And then cometh the New
Jerusalem; and blessed are they who dwell therein, for it ia
they whose garments are white through the blood of the Lamb;
and they are they who are numbered among the remnant of the
seed of Joseph, who were of the house of Israel. And then
also cometit the Jerusalem of old; and the iuhabitants thereof,
Blessed are they, for they have been washed in the blood of the

 

 
