534 BOOK OF MORONL = (cHaPs. tv.-vt.

hands upon thew, and said, In the name of Jesus Christ I ordain
you to bea priest; (or if he be a teacher); I ordain you to ve a
teacher, to preach repentance and remission of sins through
Jesus Christ, by the endurance of faith on his name to the end.
‘Amen, And after this manner did they ordain priesta and
teachers, according to the gift and callings of God unto men;
and they ordained them by the power of the Holy Ghost, which
was in them,

CHAPTER IV.
‘Tae manner of their elders and pricata administering the
flesh and blood of Christ unto the church. And they adminis-
tered it according to the commandments of Christ; wherefore
we know the manner to be true; and the elder or priest did
minister it, And they did kneel down with tie church, and
pray to the Father in the name of Christ, saying, 0 God, the
Eternal Father, we ask thee in the namo of thy Son Jesus
Christ, to bless and sanctify this broad to the souls of all those
who partake of it, that they may eat in remembrance of the
body of thy Son, and witness uuto thee, O God the Eternal
Father, that they are willing to take upon them the name of
thy Son, and always remember him, and keep lis command-
ments which he hath given them, that they may always have
his Spirit to be with them. Ainen.

 

CHAPTER Y.
Taz mauner of administering the wine. Bebold, they took
the cup, and said, O God, tho Bternal Father, we ask thee, in
the name of thy'Son Jeaus Christ. to bless and sanctify this
wine to the souls of all thoae who drink of it, that they may do
it in remembrance of the blood of thy Son which was shed for
them, that they may witness unto thee, 0 God, the Eternal
Father, that they do always remember him, that they may have
his Spirit to be with them. Amen,

 

CHAPTER VI.

1, Axp now I speak concerning baptism. Behold, elders,
priests, and teachers were baptized; and they were not baptized,
savo they brought forth fruit meet that they were worthy of it;
neither did they receive any unto baptism, save they came forth
with a broken heart and a contrite spirit, and witaemed unto
the church that they truly repented of all their sins. And none
