cHaP. vi] BOUK OF MORONI. 535,

were received unto baptism, save they took upon them the
name of Christ, having a determination to serve him to the ead.
And after they had been received unto baptism, and were
‘wrought upon and cleansed by the power of the Hluly Ghost,
they were numbered among the people of the church of Clirist,
and their names were taken, that the might he remembered and
nourished by the good word of God, to keep theur in the right
way, to keep them continually watchful unto prayer, relying
alone upon the merits of Christ, who was the author aud the
finisher of their faith.

2. And the church did meet together oft, to fast and to pray,
ani to speak one with another concerning the welfure of thie
souls: and they did meet togetlier oft to partake of bread and
wine, in remembrauce of the Lord Jesus, and they were strict
lo observe that there should be no iniquity among them; and
whoso was found to commit iniquity, and three witnesses of the
church did coudemn them before the elders; and if they repent-
ed not, aud confessed not, their names were blotted out, and
they were not numbered among the people of Christ; but as
oft as they repented, and sought forgiveness, with real intent,
they were forgiven. And their meetings were conducted by
the church, sfier the manner of the workings of the Spirit, and
by the power of the Holy Ghost; for as the power of the Holy
Ghost led them whether to preach or exhort, o to pray, oF to
aupplicate, or to sing, even 0 it was done.

  

  

 

 

CHAPTER VII

1. Awp now I, Moroni, write a few of the words of my
father Mormon, which he spake concerning faith, hope and
charity; for after this manner did he speak unto the people, ns
he tauzht them in the synagogue which they had built for the
place of worahip. Aud now I, Mormon, speak unto you, my
beloved brethren; and it ia by the grace of Goll. the Father,
and oyr Lord Jesus Christ, and his holy will, because of the
gift of his calling unto me, that Tam permitted to speak unto
You at this time; whorefore I would speak unto you that ure
Of the chureh, that are the peaceable followers of Christ, and
that have obtained a sufficient hope, by which yescan enter
into the rest of the Lord, from this’ time henceforth, until ye
shall rest with him in heaven, And now my brethren, | judge
these things of you because of your peaceable walk with the
children of men; for T remember the word of God, which saith,
By their works ye shall know them; for if weir works be good,

 

 
