omar. vt) BOOK OF MORONT 537

that ye may know good from evil; and if ye will lay hold upon
every good thing, and condemn it not, ye certainly will be a
child of Christ. “And now, my brethren, how is it possible
that ye can lay hold upon every good thing? And now I como
to that faith, of which I said I would speak; and [ will tell you
the way whereby ye may lay hold on every good thing. For
beliold, God knowing all things, being from everinsting to ever-
lasting, behold he seot angels to minister unto the ehildren of
men, to make manifest concerning the coming of Christ; and
in Christ there should come every good thing. And God also
declared unto prophets by his own mouth, that Christ should
come. And beliold, there were divers way’ that he did mani-
fest things unto the children of meh, which were goo
and all things which are good, cometh of Christ, other-
wise men were fallen, and there could no good thing como
unto them. Wherefore, by the ministering of angels, and
by every word wich ‘proceeded forth out of the mouth
of God, men began to exercise faith in Christ; and thus
by faith, they did lay hold upon every good thing; and thus it
was until the coming of Christ. Aud after that he came, men
also were saved by faith in his name; and by faith, they be-
come the sons of God. And as sure as Christ liveth, he spake
these words unto our futhers, saying, Whatsoever thing ye shall
ask the Father in my vame, which is good, in faith believing
that ye shall receive, belioid it alult be done unto you. Where-
fore, my beloved bretliren, hath miracles ceased, because Christ
hath ascended into heaven, and hath get down on the right
hand of God, to claim of the Father his rights of mercy which
he hati upon the children of men; for he hath answered the
ends of the law, and he claimeth all those who have faith in
him; and they who have faith in him, wili cleave unto every
goud thing; wherefore he advocateth tlie cause of the ehildren
of imen; and he dwelleth eternally in the heavens? And be-
‘eanse he hath done this, my beloved brethren, listh miracles
ceased? Behold, I say unto you, nay; ncither have ungels
ceased! to minister unto the children of men, For behold, tiey
are subject unto him, to minister according to the word of lis
command, showing themselves unto them of strong faith and a
rm mind, in every form of godliness, And the office of their
ministry is, to eall’men unto repentance, and to fultill and to do
the work of the covenants of the Father which he lith made
unto the children of men, to prepare the way among the chil-
dren of men, by declaring’ the word of Crist unto the chosen
vessels of the Lord, that they may bear testimony of him; and
by so doing, the Lord God propareth the way tliat the residue

 

 

  

 

  

 

 
