538 BOOK OF MORONI. [omar.vir

of men may have faith in Chriat, that the Holy Ghost may have
place in their hearts, according to the power thereof; and after
this manner bringeth to pass the Father the covenants which
he hath made unto the children of men. And Christ hath aaid,
If ye will have faith in me, ye shall have power to do whatso-
ever thing is expedient in me. And he hath said, Repent all ye
ends of the earth, and come unto me and be baptized in my
name, and have faith in me, that ye may be saved.

4. ‘And uow my beloved brethren, if this be the case that
these things aro true which I have spoken unto you, and God
will show unto you with power and great glory at the Inst day,
that they are true; and if they are true, lias the day of mira
cles ceased? Or have sugels ceased to appear unto the children
of mea? Or has he withheld the power of the Holy Ghost
from them? Or will he, so long as time shall Inst, or the earth
shall stand, or there shall be one man upon the face thereof to
be saved? Behold I say unto you, Nay, for it is by faith that
miracles are wrought; and it is by faith that angels appear and
minister unto men; wherefore if these things have ceased, wo
be unto the children of men, for it is because of unbelief, and
all is vain; for no man can be saved, according to the words ol
Christ, save they shall have faith on his name; wherefore, it
these things have ceased, then has faith ceased also; and awful
ia the state of man: for they are as though there had been ne
redemption made. But behold, my beloved brethren, I judge
better things of you, for I judye that ye have faith in Chrig
becange of your meckness; for if ye have not faith in him, the!
ye are not fit to be numbered among the people of this church
‘And again my beloved brethren, I would speak unto you con
cerning hope. How is it that ye can attain unto faith, save ye
shall have hope? And what is it that ye shall hope for? Be-
hold I say unto you, that ye shall have hope through the atone-
ment of Christ and’ the power of his resurrection, to be raised
unto life eternal; and this because of your fuith in him accord-
ing to the promise; wherefore, if a man have faith, he must
needs lave hope; for without faith there cannot be avy hope.
‘And again, behold T say unto you, that he cannot have faith
and hope, save he shall be meek and lowly of heart; if so, his
faith aud hope are vain, for none is acceptable before God, save
the meek and lowly of heart; aud if a man be meek and lowly
in heart, und confesses by the power of the Holy Ghost, that
Tesuis is the Christ, lie must ueeds lrave charity; for if he have
not charity, he is nothing; wherefore he must needs have charity.
And charity suffereth long, and is kind, and envieth not, and is
not puffed up, seeketh not her own, is uot eusiiy provoked, think-

 

 
