onap. x] BOOK OF MORONI. 543

mands; and they have become strong in their perversion;
they are alike brutal, sparing none, neither old nor young; aud
they delight in every thing save that which ia good; aud the
suffering of our woinen and our children upon all the face of
this land, doth exceed every thing; yea, tongue cannot tell,
neither can it be written, And now niy son, I dwell no longer
‘upon this horrible scene. Behold, tou knowest the wicked-
ness of this people; thou knowest that they are without prinei-
ple, and past feeling; and their wickedness doth exceed that of
the Lamanites. Bebold, my son, T cannot recommend them
unto God lest he should smite me. But behold, my son, I
recommend thee unto God, and I trust in Ohrist that thou wilt
be saved; and I pray unto God that he would spare thy life, to
witness the return of hia people unto him, or their utter des-
ion; for I know thut they must perish, except they repent
and return unto him; and if they perish it will be like unto the
Turedites, because of the wilfalness of their hearts, seeking for
blood and revenge. And if it go be that they perish, we know
that inany of our bretliren have dissented over unto the Laman-
ites, and many more will also dissent over unto them; where-
fore, write somewhat » few things, if thou art spared; and I
vball perish and not see thee; but 1 trust that T may see thee
zou; for I have sacred records that I would deliver up unto
thee. My son, be faithful in Christ; and may not the things
which I have written, grieve thee, to weigh thee down unto
death, but may Christ lift thee up, and may his sufferings and
death, and the shewing his body unto our fathers, and his mercy
and long suffering. and the hope of his glory, and of eternal life,
Test in your mind forever. And may the grace of God the
Father, whose throne is ligh in the heavens, and our Lord
Jesits Christ, who sitveth on the right hand of his power, until
all things shall become subject unto him, be, and abide with you
forever. Amen,

 

   

CHAPTER X.

Now I, Moroni, write somewhat as seemeth me good; and T
write unto my brethren the Lainanites, and I would that they
should know that more than four hundred and twenty yeara
have passed away, since the sign was given of the coming of
Christ. And T seal up these recorda, after [ lave spoken a fow
words by way of exhortation imto you. Behold, { would exhort
you that when ye sha!l read these things. if it he wisdom in God.
that ye should read them, that ye would remember iow merci-
