a

apes

Ue an

LA,

[onar. x. BOOK OF MORONI. 545

our fathers, If ye have fuith, ye can do all things which is expe-
dient unto me.
2, And now I speak unto all the ends of the earth, that if
the day cometh that the power and gifts of Go! shall be done
away among you, it slll be because of unbelief. And wo be
unto the children of men, if this be the case: fur there shalt be
none that doeth good among you, no not one. For if there be
ae among you that docth good, he shall work by the power
and gifts of God. Aud wo unto them who slull do these things
away and die, for they die in their sins, and they cannot be
saved in the kingdom of God; and I speak it according to the
words of Christ, and Ilie not. Aud 1 exhort you to remember
these things; for the time speedily cometh that ye shall know
that I lie not, for ye shall see me at the bar of God, and the
Lord God will say unto you, Did I not declare my words unto
you, which were written’ by this man, like as one erying from
the dead?, Yea, even as one speaking out of the dust? I de-
clare these things unto the fulélling of the prophecies. And
behold, they shall procecd forth out of the mouth of the ever-
lusting God; and his word shall hiss forth from generation to
eneration. ' And God shall show unto you, that that which I
have written is true. And again I would exhoft you, that ye
would come unto Christ, and lay hold upon every good gift and
touch not the evil gift, nor the unclean thing. “And awake,
und arise from the dust, 0 Jerusalem; yea, and put on thy
beautiful garments, O daughter of Zion, and strengthen thy
stakes, and enlarge’ thy borders forever, that thou mayest no
more be confounded, that the covenants of the eternal Father
which he hath made unto thee, 0 house of Israel, may be ful
filled. Yea, come unto Christ, and be perfected in him, and
deny yourselves of all -nugodliness, and if ye siuall deny your-
elves of all ungouliness, and love ‘God with all your might,
mind and strength, then is his grace sufficient for you, that by
his grace ye may ‘be perfect in Clirist; and if by the grace of
God ye are perfect in Christ, yo can in no wise deny the power
of God. And again, if ye, by the grace of God, are perfect in
Christ, and deny not his power, then are ye sauctified in Christ
by the grace of God, trough the shedding of the blood of
Christ, which is in the covenant of the Father, unto the remis-
sion of your sins, that ye become holy without spot. And now
L bid unto all, Farewell. I soon go to rest in the paradise of
God, until my spirit and body shall again reunite, and Tam
brought forth triumphant through the air, to meet you before
the pleasing bar of the great Jehovah, the eternal Judge of
both quick and dead. Amen.

 

 
