Lamanites, and began to depend
upon their own strength and upon
their own wisdom, saying:

16 Some things they may have
guessed right, among so many; but
behold, we know that all these great
and marvelous works cannot come
to pass, of which has been spoken.

17 And they began to reason and to
contend among themselves, saying:

18 That it is not reasonable that
such a being as a Christ shall come;
if so, and he be the Son of God, the
Father of heaven and of earth, as it
has been spoken, why will he not
show himself unto us as well as unto
them who shall be at Jerusalem?

19 Yea, why will he not show him-
self in this land as well as in the
land of Jerusalem?

20 But behold, we know that this is
awicked tradition, which has been
handed down unto us by our fathers,
to cause us that we should believe
in some great and marvelous thing
which should come to pass, but not
among us, but in a land which is
far distant, a land which we know
not; therefore they can keep us in
ignorance, for we cannot witness
with our own eyes that they are true.

21 And they will, by the cunning
and the mysterious arts of the evil

 

one, work some great mystery which
we cannot understand, which will
keep us down to be servants to
their words, and also servants unto
them, for we depend upon them to
teach us the word; and thus will
they keep us in ignorance if we will
yield ourselves unto them, all the
days of our lives.

22 And many more things did the
people imagine up in their hearts,
which were foolish and vain; and
they were much disturbed, for Sa-
tan did stir them up to do iniquity
continually; yea, he did go about
spreading rumors and contentions
upon all the face of the land, that
he might harden the hearts of the
people against that which was good
and against that which should come.

23 And notwithstanding the
signs and the wonders which were
wrought among the people of the
Lord, and the many miracles which
they did, Satan did get great hold
upon the hearts of the people upon
all the face of the land.

24 And thus ended the ninetieth
year of the reign of the judges over
the people of Nephi.

25 And thus ended the book of
Helaman, according to the record
of Helaman and his sons.

THIRD NEPHI
THE BOOK OF NEPHI

THE SON OF NEPHI, WHO WAS THE SON OF HELAMAN

And Helaman was the son of Helaman, who was the son of Alma, who was the
son of Alma, being a descendant of Nephi who was the son of Lehi, who came
out of Jerusalem in the first year of the reign of Zedekiah, the king of Judah.

CHAPTER 1 the records.Though signs and won-
ders abound, the wicked plan to slay
the righteous.The night of Christ’s

birth arrives.The sign is given, and a

Nephi, the son of Helaman, departs out
of the land, and his son Nephi keeps
