Wherefore it came to pass, that my father Lehi, as he
went forth, prayed unto the Lord, yea, even with all
his heart, in behalf of his people.

And it came to pass, as he prayed unto the Lord,
there came a pillar of fire and dwelt upona rock before
him; and he saw and heard much; and because of the
things which he saw and heard, he did quake and
tremble exceedingly.

And it eame to pass that he returned to his own
house at Jerusalem; and he cast himself upon his bed,
being overcome with the spirit and the things which
he had seen; and being thus overcome with the spirit,
he was carried away in a vision, even that he saw the
heavens open, and he thought he saw God sitting up-
on his throne, surrounded with numberless concourses
a angels in the attitude of singing and praising their

od.

And it came to pass that he saw one descending out of
the midst of heaven, and he beheld that his lustre was
above that of the sun at noon-day; and he also saw
twelve others following him, and their brightness did ex-
eeed that of the stars in the firmament; and they came
down and went forth upon the face of the earth; and
the first came and stood before my father, and gave
unto him a beok, and bade him that he should read.

And it came to pass that as he read, he was filled
with the spirit of the Lord, and he read, saying, Wo,
wo unto Jerusalem! for J have seen thine abomina-
tions; yea, and many things did my father read con-
cerning Jerusalem.that it should be destroyed, and
the inhabitants thereof, many should perish by the
sword, and many should be:carried away captive into
Babylon,

And it came to pass that when my father had read
and saw many great and marvellous things, he did ex-
claim many things unto the Lord; such as, great and
marvellous are thy works, O Lord God Almighty!
Thy throne is high in the heavens, and thy power, and
goodness, and mercy are overall the inhabitants of the
earth; and because thou art merciful, thou wilt not
suffer those who come unto thee that they shall perish!
And after this manner was the language of my father
in the praising of his God; for. his soul did rejoice, and
his whole heart was filled, because of the things which
he had seen; yea, which the Lord: had shewn unto
him. And now I, Nephi, do not make.a full account
of the things. which my father’ hath. written, for he
