hath written many things which he saw in visions and
in dreams; and he also hath written many things
which he prophesied and spake unto his children, of
which I shall not make a full account; but I shall make
an account of my proceedings. in my days.~Behold I
make an abridgement of the record of my father, upon
plates which i have made with mine own hands;
wherefore, after I have abridged the record of my fath-
er, then will I make an account of mine own life.

Therefore, I would that ye should know, that after
the Lord had shewn so many marvellous things unto
my father Lehi, yea, concerning the destruction of Je-
rusalem, behold he went forth among the people, and
began to prophesy and to declare unto them concern-
ing the things which he had both seen and heard.

And it came to pass that the Jews did mock him be-
cause of the things which he testified of them; for he
truly testified of their wickednes and their abomina-
tions; and he testified that the things which he saw
and heard, and also the things which he read in the
book, manifested plainly of the coming of a: Messiah,
and also the redemption of the world.

And when the Jews heard these things, they were
angry with him; yea, even as with the prophets of
old, whom they had cast out and stoned and slain;
and they also sought his life, that they might take it
away. But behold, I, Nephi, will shew unto you that
the. tender mercies of the Lord are over all those whom
he hath chosen, because of their faith, to make them
mighty even unto the power of deliverance.

For behold it-came to pass that the Lord spake unto
my father, yea, even in a dream, and said unto him,
blessed art thou Lehi, because of the things which
thou hast done; and because thou hast been faithful
and declared unto this people the things which I com-
manded thee, behold they seek to take away thy life.

And it came to pass that the Lord commanded my
father, even in a dream, that he should take his family
and depart into the wilderness. And it came to pass
that he was obedient unto the word of the Lord, where-
fore he did as the Lord commanded him.

_ And it came to pass that he departed into the wild-
erness. And he left his house, and the land of his-in,
heritance, and his gold, and his silver, and his pre-
cious things, and took nothing with him save it were his
family, and provisions, and tents, and departed into
the wilderness; and he came down by the borders near
