eommandments unto the children of men, save he shall
prepare a way for them that they may accomplish the
thing which he commandeth them.

And it came to pass that when my father had heard
these words, he was exceeding glad, for he knew that
I had been blessed of the Lord. And I, Nephi, and
my brethren, took our journey in the wilderness with
our tents, to go up to the laud of Jerusalem.

And it came to pass that when we had come up to
the land of Jerusalem, I and my brethren did consult
one with another; and we cast lots who of us should
goin unto the house of Laban. And it came to pass
that the lot fell upon Laman; and Laman went in un-
to the house of Laban, and he talked with him as he
sat in his house. And he desired of Laban the re-
cords which were engraven upon the plates of brass,
which contained the genealogy of my father.

And behold, it came to pass that Laban was angry
and thrust him out from his presence; and he would
not that he should have the records. Wherefore he
said unto him, behold thou art a robber, and I will
slay thee. But Laman fled out of his presence, and
told the things which Laban had done, unto us. And
we began to be exceeding sorrowful, and my brethren
were about to return unto my father in the wilderness.
But behold I said unto them, that-as the Lord liveth,
and as we live, we will not go down unto our father in
the wilderness, until we have accomplished the thing
which the Lord hath commanded us. Wherefore let
us be faithful in keeping the commandments of the
Lord; therefore let us go down to the land of our fath-
er’s inheritance, for behold he left gold and silver,
andall manner of riches. And all this he hath done, be-
cause of the commandments of the Lord: for he know-
ing that Jerusalem must be destroyed, because of the
wickedness of the people.

For behold. they have rejected the words of the
prophets. Wherefore if my father should dwell in the
land after he hath been commanded to flee out of the
land, behold he would also perish. Wherefore it must
needs be that he flee out of the land. And behold it
is wisdom in God that we should obtain these records,
that we may preserve unto our children the es of
our fathers; and also that we may preserve unto them
the words which have been spoken by the mouth of
all the holy prophets, which have been delivered unto
