be faithful in keeping the commandments of the Lord;
for behold he is mightier than all the earth, then why
not mightier than Laban and his fifty, yea, or even than
his tens of thousands. Therefore letus go up; let us
be strong like unto Moses; for he truly spake unto the
waters of the Red Sea, and they divided hither and
thither, and our fathers came through out of captivity
on dry ground, and the armies of Pharaoh did follow
and were drowned in the waters of the Red Sea. Now
behold ye know that this is true; and ye also know
that an angel hath spoken unto you, wherefore eanye
doubt? Let us go up; the Lord is able to deliver us,
even as our fathers, and to destroy Laban, even as the
Egyptians.

Now when I had spoken these words, they were yet
wroth, and did still continue to murmur; nevertheless
they did follow me up until we came without the walls: _
of Jerusalem. And it was by night; and I caused that
they should hide themselves without the walls, And
after they had hid themselves, I, Nephi, crept into
the city and went forth towards the house of Laban.
And  was led by the spirit, not knowing beforehand
the things which  should do. Nevertheless 1 went
forth, and as I came near unto the house of Laban, I
beheld a man, and he had fallen to the earth before me,
for he was drunken with wine. And when I came to
him, I found that it was Laban. And I beheld his
sword, and I drew it forth from the sheath thereof, and
the hilt thereof was of pure gold, and the workman-
ship thereof was exceeding fine; and I saw that the
blade thereof was of the most precious steel.

And it came to pass that 1 was constrained by the
spirit that I should kill Laban; but I said in my heart,
never at any time have  shed the blood of man, and I
shrunk and would that I might not slay him. And
the spirit said unto me again, behold the Lord hath
delivered him into thy hands; yea,.and I also knew
that he had sought to take away mine own life; yea,
and he would not hearken unto the commandments of
the Lord; and he also had taken away-our property:

And it came to pass that the spirit said unto me
again, slay him, for the Lord hath delivered him.into
thy hands. Behold the Lord slayeth the wicked to
bring forth his: righteous: purposes: It is better. that

one man should perish, than that a nation should
dwindle and perish in unbelief. :
