And now, when I, Nephi, had heard these words, I
remembered the words of the Lord which he spake un-
to me in the wilderness, saying, that inasmuch as thy
seed shall keep my commandments, they shall prosper
in. the land of promise. Yea, and I also thought that
they could not keep the commandments of the Lord
according to the law of Moses, save they should have
the law. And I also knew that the law was engraven
upon the plates of brass. And again.I knew that
the Lord had delivered Laban into my hands for this
cause, that I might obtain the records according to his
commandments. Therefore.I did obey the voice or
the spirit, and took Laban by the hair of the head, and
I smote off his head with his own sword.

And after I had smitten off his head with his own
sword, I took the garments of Laban and put them
upon mine own body; yea, even every whit; and I
did gird on his armor about my loins. And after I
had done this, I went forth unto the treasury of La-
ban. Andas I went forth towards the treasury of Laban,
behold I saw the servant of Laban who had the keys
of the treasury. And I commanded him in the voice
of Laban, that he should go with me into the treasu-
ry; and he supposed me to be his master, Laban, for
he beheld the garments, and also the sword girded
about my loins. And he spake unto me concerning
the elders of the Jews, he knowing that his master
Laban had been out by night among them. And I
spake unto him as ifit had been Laban. And f also
spake unto him that I should carry the engravings
which were upon the plates of brass, to my elder breth-
ren, who were without the walls. And I also bade
him that he should follow me. And he supposing that
I spake of the brethren of the church, and that I was
truly that Laban whom I had slain, wherefore he did
follow me. And he spake unto me many times con-
cerning the elders.of the Jews, as I went forth unto
my brethren, who were without the walls.

And it came to pass that when Laman saw me, he
was exceedingly frightened, and also Lemuel and
Sam. And .they fled from before my presence; for -
they supposed it was Laban, and that he had slain me,
and had sought to take away their lives also.

And it:eame' to pass that I called after them, and
they: did::hear:me; wherefore they did cease to fiee
from my presence. And it came to pass that when
the sevant of Laban beheld my brethren, he began to
