at Jerusalem and had perished with my brethren. But
behold, I have ootained a land of promise, in the which
things I do rejoice; yea, and I know that the Lord will
deliver my sons out of the handsof Laban, and brin
them down again unto us in the wilderness. And af-
ter this manner of language did my father Lehi com-
fort my mother Sariah, concerning us, while we jour-
nied in the wilderness up to the land of Jerusalem, to
obtain the record of the Jews.

And when we had returned to the tent of my father,
behold their joy was fall, and my mother was com-
forted: and she spake, saying, now I know ofa surety
that the Lord hath commanded my husband to flee in-
to the wilderness; yea, and I also know of a surety
that the Lord hath protected my sons and delivered
them out of the hands of Laban, and gave them power
whereby they could accomplish the thing which the
Lord hath commanded them. And after this manner
of language did she speak.

And it came to pass that they did reine exceeding-
ly, and did offer sacrifice and burnt offerings unto the
Lord; and they gave thanks unto the God of Israel.
And after they had given thanks unto the God of Is-
rael, my father Lehi took the records which were en-
grayen upon the plates of brass, and he did .search
them from the beginning. And he beheld that they
did contain the five books of Moses, which gave an
account of the creation of the world, and also of Adam
and Eve, who were our first parents; and also a record
of the Jews irom thevbeginning, even down to the
commencement of the reign of Zedekiah, king of Ju-
dah; and also the prophecies of the holy prophets,
from the beginning, even down to the commencement
of the reign of Zedekiah; and also many prophecies
which have been spoken by the mouth of Jeremiah.

And it came to pass that my father Lehi also found
upon the plates of brass, a genealogy of his fathers;
wherefore he knew that he was a. descendant of Joseph;
yea, even that Joseph who was the son of Jacob, who
was sold into Egypt, and who was preserved by the
hand of the Lord, that he might preserve his father
Jacob and all his household from perishing with fam-
ine. And they were also led out of captivity and out
of the land of Egypt, by that. same God who had pre-
served them. . And thus my father Lehi did discover
the genealogy. of his fathers. And Laban also was a
