And now I would that ye might know, that after
my father Lehi had made an end of prophesying con-
cerning his seed, it came to pass that the Lord spake
unto hin: again, saying, that it was not meet for him,
Lehi, that he should take his family into the wilder-
ness alone; but that his sons should take daughters to
wife, that they might raise up seed unto the Lord in
the land of promise. . ;

And it came to pass that the Lord commanded him
that I, Nephi, and my brethren, should again return
unto the land of Jerusalem, and bring down Ishmael
and his family into the wilderness.

And it came to pass that I, Nephi, did again, with
my brethren, go forth into the wilderness to go up to
Jerusalem. And it came to pass that we went up un-
to the house of Ishmael, and we did gain favor in the
sight of Ishmael, insomuch that we did speak unto
him the words of the Lord.

And it came to pass that the Lord did soften the
heart of Ishmael, and also his household, insomuch
that they tock their journey with us down into the
wilderness to the tent of our father. And it came to
pass that as we journied in the wilderness, behold,
Laman and Lemuel, and two of the daughters of Ish-
mael, aad the two sons of Ishmael, and their families,
didrebel against us; yea, against I, Nephi, and Sam,
and their father Ishmael, and his wife, and his three
other daughters.

And it cameto pass in the which rebellion, they
were desirous to.,return unto the land of Jerusalem.
And now I, Nephi, being grieved for the hardness of
their hearts, therefore I spake unto them, saying; yea,
even unto Laman and unto Lemuel, behold, thou art
mine elder brethren; and how is it that ye are so hard
in your hearts, and so blind in your minds, that ye have
need that I, your younger brother, should speak unto
you, yea, and set an example for yout How is it that
ye have:not hearkened unto the word of the Lord?

ow is it that ye have forgotten that ye have seen an
angel of the Lord? Yea, and how is it that ye. have
forgotten what great things the Lord hath done for us,
in delivering us out of the hands of Laban, .and also
that we should obtain the record? Yea, and how isit
that ye have forgotten that the Lord is able to de all:
things, according to his will, for the children of men, -
if it so be that they exercise faith in him: wherefore
let us be faithful to him; And if it so-be that we are
