faithful to him, we shall obtain the land of promise;
and ye shall know at some future period, that the
word of the Lord shall be fulfilled, concerning the de-
struction of Jerusalem; for all things which the Lord
hath spoken concerning the destruction of Jerusalem,
must be fulfilled. For behold, the spirit of the Lord
ceaseth soon to strive with them; for behold, they have
rejected the prophets, and Jeremiah have they cast in-
to prison. And they have sought to take away the
life of my father, insomuch that they have driven him
out of the land.

Now behold, I say unto you, that if ye will return
unto Jerusalem, ye shall also perish with them. And
now, if ye have choice, go up to the land, and remem-
ber the words which I speak unto you, that if ye go,

 ye will also perish; for thus the spirit of the Lord con-
straineth me that J should speak.

And it came to pass that when I, Nephi, had spoken
these words unto my brethren, they were angry with
me. And it came to pass that they did lay their hands
upon me.for behold, they were exceeding wroth.
and they did bind me with cords, for they sought to
take away my life, that they might leave me in the
wilderness, to be devoured by wild beasts.

But it came te pass that  prayed unto the Lord,
saying, O Lord, according to my faith which is in thee,
wilt thou deliver me from the hands of my brethren;
yea, even give me strength that I may burst these
bands with which I am bound.

And it came to pass that when I had said these
words, behold, the bands were loosed from off my
hands and feet, and [ stood before my brethren, and I
spake unto themagain. And it came to pass that they
were angry with me again, and sought to lay hands
upon me; but behold, one of the daughters of Ishmael,
yea, and also her mother, and one.of the sons of Ish-
mael, did plead with my brethren, insomuch that they
did soften their hearts; and they did cease striving to
take away my life.

And it came to pass that they were sorrowful, be-
cause of their wickedness, insomuch that they did bow
down before me, and did plead with me, that I would
forgive them of the thing that they had done against
me.

And it came to pass that I did frankly forgive them
all that they had done, and I did exhort them that they
would pray unto the Lord their God, for forgiveness.
