And it came to pass that they did so. And afler they
had done praying unto the Lord, we did again travel
on our journey toward the tent of our father.

-And it came to pass that we did come down unto
the tent of our father. And after I and my brethren,
and all the house of Ishmael, had.come down unto the
tent of my father, they did give thanks unto the Lord
their God; and they did offer sacrifice and burnt offer-
ings unto him.

And it came to pass that we had gathered together
all manner of seeds of every kind; both ot grain and of
every kind, and also of the seeds of fruits of every
kind. And it came to pass that while my father tarried
in the wilderness, he spake unto us, saying, behold, I
have dreamed a dream; or, in other words, [have seen
a vision. And behold, because of the thing which 
have seen, I have reason to rejoice in the Lord because
of Nephi, and also of Sam; for I have reason to sup-
pose that they, and also many of their seed, will be
saved. But behold, Laman and Lemuel, I fear ex-
ceedingly because of you; for behold, me thought I
saw in my dream, a dark and dreary wilderness.

And it came to pass that J saw a man, and he was
dressed in a white robe: and he came and stood before
me. And it came to pass that he spake unto me, and
bade me followhim. And it came to pass that as I
followed him’'I beheld myself that I was in a dark and
dreary waste. And after I had travelled for the space
of many hours in darkness, I began to pray unto the
Lord, that he would have mercy on me, according to
the multitude of his tender mercies.

And it came to pass after I had prayed unto the
Lord, I beheld a large and spacious field. And it.came
to pass that I beheld a tree, whose fruit was desirable,
to make one happy.

And it came to,pass that I-did go forth, and partake
of the fruit thereof; and I. beheld that it was, most
sweet, above all that I ever beforetasted. Yea, and I
beheld that the fruit thereof was white,.to.exceed all
the whiteness that I had ever,seen.. And as I. partook
of the fruit thereof, it filled my-soul with exceeding
grent Joys wherefore, 1 began to.be-desirouis that my
amily should partake of it also; for I knew that it. was
desirable above all other fruit. And as I cast my eyes
round about, that perhaps I might discover my family
also, I beheld a river of water; and it ran along, and it
was near the tree of which I was partaking the fruit.
