And I looked to behold from whence it came; and I
saw the head thereof a little way off; and at the head
thereof, I beheld your mother Sariah, and Sam, and
Nephi; and they stood as if they knew not whither
they should go.

nd it came to pass that I beckoned unto them; and
I also did say unto them, with a loud voice, that the
should come unto me, and partake of the fruit, whic
was desirable above all other fruit.

And it came to pass that they did come unto me,
and partake of the fruit also. And it came to pass
that 1 was desirous that Laman and Lemuel should
come and partake of the fruit also; wherefore, I cast
mine eyes towards the head of the river, that perhaps
I might see them. '

And it came to pass that Isaw them, but they would
not come untome. And I beheld a rod of iron; and
it extended along the bank of the river, and led to the
tree by which I stood. And I also beheld a straight
and narrow path, which came along by the red of iron,
even to the tree by which I stood; andit also led by
the head of the fountain, unto a large and spacious
field, as if ithad been a world; and I saw numberless
concourses of people; many of whom were pressing
forward, that they might obtain the path which led
unto the tree by which I stood.

And it came to pass that they did come forth, and
commence in the path which led to the tree. And it
came to pass that there arose a mist of darkness; yea,
even an exceeding great mist of darkness, insomuch
that they who had commenced in the path, did lose
their way, that they wandered off and were lost.

And it came to pass that I beheld others pressing
torward; and they came forth, and caught hold of the
end of the rod of iron; and they did press forward
through the mist of darkness, clinging to the rod of
iron, even until they did: come forth and partake of the
fruit of the tree. And after they had partaken of the
fruit of the tree, they did cast their eyes about as if
they were ashamed. And I also cast my eyes round
about, and beheld, on the other side of the river of wa-
ter, a great and spacious building; and it stood as it
were in the air; high above the earth; and it was filled
with people, both old and young, both male and fe-
male; and their manner of dress was exceeding fine;
and they were in the attitude of mocking and pointing
their fingers towards those who had come at, and were
