partaking of the fruit. And after they had tasted of
the fruit, they were ashamed, because of those that
were scoffing at them; and they fell away into forbid-
den paths and were lost.

And now I, Nephi, do not speak all the words of my
father. But to be short in writing, behold, he saw
other multitudes pressing forward; and they came and
caught hold of the end of the rod of iron; and they
did press their way forward, continually holding fast
to the rod of iron, until they came forth and fell down
and partook of the fruit of the tree. And he also saw
other multitudes, feeling their way towards that great
and spacious building.

And it came to pass that many were drowned in the
depths of the fountain; and many were lost from his
view, wandering in strange roads. And great was the
multitude that did enter into that strange building..
And after they did enter into that building, they did
point the finger of scorn at me, and those that were
partaking of the fruit also; but we heeded them not.
These are the words of my father: For as many as
heeded them, had fallenaway. And Lamanand Lem-
uel partook not of the fruit, said my father.

And it came to pass after my father had spoken all
the words of his dream or vision, which were many, he
said unto us, because of these things which he saw in
a vision, he.exceedingly feared for Laman and Lem-
uel; yea, he feared lest they should be cast off from
the presence of the Lord; and he did exhort them then
with all the feeling of a tender parent, that they would
hearken to his words, that, perhaps the Lord would
be merciful to them, and not cast them off; yea, my
father did preach unto them.

And after he had preached unto them, and also -
prophesied unto them of many things, he bade them:
to keep the. commandments of the Lord; and he did: 
cease speaking unto them. And all these things did
my father see, and hear, and,speak, as he dwelt in a
tent, in the valley of Lemuel; and also a great many
more things, which cannot be written upon these plates.
And now, as I have spoken concerning these plates,
behold, they are not the plates upon which I make a
full account of the history of my people; for the plates
upon which I makea full account of my people, I have
given the name of Nephi; wherefore, they are called
the plates of Nephi, after mine own name; and these
plates also, are called the piates of Nephi,
