done as my father dwelt ina tent, in the valley of

Lemuel. ;
And it came to pasr after I, Nephi, having heard all

the words of my father, concerning the mine which
he saw in a vision; and also the things which he spake
by the power of the Holy Ghost; which power he re-
ceived by faith on the Son of God; and the Son of God
was the Messiah, who should come. I, Nephi, was de-
sirous also, that I might see, and hear, and know of
these things, by the power of the Holy Ghost, which
is the gift of God unto all those who diligently seek
him, as well in times of old as in the time that he
should manifest himself unto the children of men; for
he is the same yesterday, to-day, and forever; and the
way is prepared from the foundation of the world, if it
so be that they repent and come unto him; for he that
diligently seeketh, shall find; and the mysteries of God
shall be unfolded unto them, by the power of the Holy
Ghost, as well in these times as in times of. old; and
as well in times of old as in times tocome; wherefore,
the course of the Lord is one eternal round. ' There-
fore, remember, O man, for all thy doings, thou shalt
be brought into judgment. Wherefore, if ye have
sought to do wickedly in the days of your probation,
then ye are found unclean befofe the Judgment seat of
God; and no unclean thing can dwell: with, God;
wherefore, ye must be cast off forever... And the Holy
Ghost giveth authority that I should speak these things
and deny them not. ee

For it came to pass afier I had desired to know’ the
things that my father had seen, and believing that the
Lord was able to make them known unto'me,.as I sat
pondering in mine heart, I was caught away in the
Spirit of the Lord, yea, into an exceeding high moun-
tain, which T never had before seen, and upon which
T never had before sat my foot. And the spirit said
unto me, behold, what desirest thou? And I said, I
desire to behold the things which my father saw. And
the spirit said unto me, believest thou that thy father
saw the tree ot which he hath spoken? And I said
yea, thou knowest that I believe all the words of my
father.

And when I had spoken these words, the spirit eri-
ed with a loud voice, saying, hosanna to the Lord, the
most high God; for he is God over all the earth, yea,
even above all: And blessed art thou, Nephi, because
thou believest in the Son of the most high God; where-
