fore, thou shalt behold the things which thou hast de-
sired. And behold, this thing shall be given unto thee
for a sign, that after thou hast beheld’ the tree which
bore the fruit which thy father tasted, thou-shalt also
behold a man descending out of heaven, and him shall

e witness; and after ye have witnessed him, ye shall
leat record that itis the Son of God. :

And it came to pass that the spirit said unto me
look! and I looked and beheld a tree; and it was like
unto the tree. which my father had seen; and the beau-
ty thereof was far beyond, yea, exceeding of all beau-
ty; and the whiteness thereof did excced the whiteness
of the driven snow. Soeead

And it came to pass after Thad seen the tree, I said
unto the spirit, I behold, thou hast shewn unto me the
tree which. is precious above all. And he said unto
me, what desirest. thou? And T said unto him, to
know the interpretation thereof; for 1 spake unto him
as aman speaketh; for I beheld that he was in the
form of a man; yet, nevertheless, i knew that it was
the spirit of the tpt and he spake unto me as a man
speaketh with another.

And it came to pass that he said unto me look! and
T looked as ifto look upon him, andI saw him not; for
he had gone from before my presence.

And it came to pass that I locked and beheld the
great city of Jerusalem, and also other cities. And I
beheld the city of Nazareth: and in the city of Naza-
reth I beheld a virgin, and she was exceedingly fair
and white. .

And it came to pass that I saw the heavens open;
and an angel came down and stood before me; and he
said unto me, Nephi, what beholdest. thou? And I
said unto him, a virgin, most beautiful and fair above
all other virgins. And-he said unto me, knowest thou
the condescension of God? And I said unto him, J
know that-he loveth his children; nevertheless, Ido
not know the meaning of all things. And he said un-
to me, behold,. the virgin whom thou seest, is the
mother of the Son of God, after. the manner of the

esh, ? :

And it came to pass that I beheld that she was car-
ried away in the spirit; and after she had been carried
away in the spirit for the. space of a time, .the angel
spake unto:me, saying, look! And I looked and be-
held the virgin again, beazing a child in. her arms..
And the angel said.unto me, behald the Lamb of God,

 
 
  
