yea, even the Son of the Eternal Father! _Knowest thou
the meaning of the tree which thy fathersaw? AndI
answered him, saying, yea, it is the love of God, which
sheddeth itself abroad in the hearts of the children of
men; wherefore, it is the most desirable above all
things. And he spake unto me, saying, yea, and the
most joyous to the soul. And after he had said these
words, he said unto me, look! And [I looked, and I
beheld the Son of God going forth among the children
of men; and I saw many fall down at his feet and wer-
ship him.
nd it came to pass that I beheld that the rod of
iron which my father had seen, was the word of God,
which led to the fountain of living waters, or 4o the
tree of life; which waters are a representation of the
love of God; and I also beheld that the tree of life was
a representation of the love of God. And the angel
said unto me again, look and behold the condescension
of God! And I looked and beheld the Redeemer of
the world, of whom my father had spoken; and I also
beheld the prophet, who should prepare the way be-
fore him. And the Lamb of God went forth and was
baptised of him; and after he was baptised, I beheld
the heavens open, and the Holy Ghost come down out
of heaven and abode upon him in the form of a dove..
And I beheld that he went forth ministering unto the
people, in power and great glory; and the multitudes
were gathered together to hear him; and I beheld that
they cast him out from among them. And [I also be-
held twelve others following him.
And it came to pass that they were carried away in
the spirit, from before my face and I saw them not..
And it came to pass that the angel spake unto meagain,
saying, look! And I looked, and I beheld the heavens
open again, andl saw angels descending upon the
children of men; and they did minister unto them..
And he spake unto me again, saying, look! AndI
looked, and I beheld the Lamb of God going forth
among the children of men. And I beheld multitudes
of people who.were sick, and who were afflicted with
all manner of diseases, and with devils, and unclean
spirits; and. the angel spakey and shewed all these
ings unto me. And they were healed by the power
of the Lamb of God; and the devils and the unclean
spirits were cast out.
~~ And it came to pass that the angel spake unto me
agai, saying, look! AndI looked and: beheld’ the
