of my brethren. And it came to pass that the angel
said unto me, behold the wrath of God is upon the
seed of thy brethren! And I looked and beheld a man
among the Gentiles, who was separated from the seed
of my brethren by the many waters; and I beheld the
spirit of God, that it came down and wrought upon
the man; and he went forth upon the many waters,
even unto the seed of my brethren, who were in the
promised land. .

And it came to pass that I beheld the spirit of God,
that it wrought upon other Gentiles; and they went
forth out of captivity, upon tae many waters,

And it came to pass that 1 beheld many multitudes
of the Gentiles, upon the land of promise; and I be-
held the wrath of God, that it was upon the seed of
my brethren; and they were scattered before the Gen-
tiles, and were smitten. And I beheld the spirit of the
Lord, that it was upon the Gentiles; that they did
prosper, and obtain the land for their inheritance; and
I beheld that they were white, and exceeding fair and
beautiful, like unto my people, before they were slain.

And it came to pass that I, Nephi, beheld that the
Gentiles who had gone forth out of captivity, did hum-
ble themselves before the Lord; and the power of the
Lord was with them; and I beheld that their mother
Gentiles were gathered together upon the waters, and
upon the land also, to battle against them; and I be-
held that the power of God was with them; and also
that the wrath of God was upon all those that were
gathered together against them to battle. And I, Ne-
phi, beheld that the Gentiles that had gone out of cap-

tivity, were delivered by the power of God, out of the
hands of all other nations.

And it came to pass that I, Nephi, beheld that they
did prosper in the land; and I beheld a book, and it
was carried forth among them. And the angel said
unto me, knowest thou the meaning of the book?.
And I said unto him, I know not. And he said, be-
hold, it proceedeth out of the mouth of a Jew: and I,
Nephi, beheld it; and he said unto me, the book that
thou beholdest, is a record of the Jews, which contains
the covenants of the Lord which he hath made unto _
the house of Israel; and it also containeth mang
of the prophecies of the holy prophets; and it is a rec-
ord like unto the engravings which are upon the plates
of brags, save there are not so many; nevertheless,
they contain the covenants of the Lewd, which he hath
