purity, according to the truth which is in the Lamb, in
the own due time of the Lord,. unto the house of Is-
rael.

And I, Nephi, heard and bear record, that the name
of the apostle of the Lamb was Juhn, according to the
word of the angel. And behold, I, Nephi, am forbid-
den that [ should write the remainder of the things
which I saw and heard; wherefore, the things which
I have written sufficeth me; and] have not written
but a small part of the things which I saw. And I
bear record, that 1 saw the things which my father
saw, and the angel of the Lord did make them known
unto me. And now I make an end of speaking con-
cerning the things which  saw, while I was carried
away in the spirit; and if all the things which I saw
are not written, the things which 1 have written, are
true. And thus itis. Amen.

.-.

CHAPTER IV.

Axp it came to pass that after I, Nephi, had been
carried away in the spirit, and seen all these things, £
returned to the tent of my father. And it came to pass
that I beheld my brethren, and they were disputing
one with another, concerning the things which iny fa-
ther had spoken unto them; for he truly spake many
great things unto them, which were hard to be under-
stood, save a iman should inquire of the Lord; ,.and
they being hard in their hearts, therefore they did not
look unto the Lord as they ought. And now I, Nephi,
was grieved because of the hardness of their hearts,
and also, because of the things which I had seen, and
knew they must unavoidably come to pass, because of
the great wickedness of the children of men.

And it came to pass that I was. overcome because
of my afflictions, for  considered that mine atHictions
were great above all, because of the destructions of
my people; for I had beheld their fall.

And it came to pass that after I had received strength,
I spake unto my brethren, desiring to know of them
the cause of their disputations. And they said, be-
hold, we cannot understand the words which. our-fa-
ther hath spoken concerning the natural branches. of
