the olive tree, and also, concerning the Gentiles. And
I said unto them, have ye inquired of the Lord?’ And
they said unto me, we have not; for the Lord maketh
no such thing known unto us. Behold, I said unto
them, how is it that ye donot keep the commandments
of the Lord?’ How is it that ye will perish, because-
of the hardness of your hearts? Do ye not remember
the things which the Lord hath said, if ye will not
harden your hearts, and ask me in faith, believing that
ye shall receive, with diligence in keeping my com-
mandments, surely, these things shall be made known
unto you!

Behold, I say unto you, that the house of Israel was
compared unto an olive tree, by the spirit of the Lord
which was in our fathers; and behold, are we not bro-
ken off from the house of Israel; and are we not a
branch or the house of Israel? And now, the thing
which our father meaneth concerning the grafting in
of the natural branches through the fulness of the
Gentiles, is, that in the latter days, when our seed
shall have dwindled in unbelief, yea, for the space of
many years, and many generations, after the Messiah
shall be manifested in body unto the children of men,
then shall the fulness of the gospel of the Messiah
come unto the Gentiles, and from the Gentiles unto
the remnant of our seed; and at that day, shall the
remnant of our seed know that they are of the house
of Israel, and that they are the covenant people of the
Lord; and then shall they know and come to the know-
ledge of their forefathers, and also to the krfowledge of
the gospel of their Redeemer, which was ministered
unto their fathers by him; wherefore, they shall come
to the knowledge of their Redeemer, and the very
points of his doctrine, that they may know how to
come unto him and be saved. And then at that day,
will they not rejoice and give praise unto their ever-
lasting God, their rock and their salvation? Yea, at
that day, will they not receive the strength and nour-
ishment from the true vine? Yea, will they not come
unto the tme fold of God? Behold, I say unto you,
yea; they shall be remembered again among the house
of Israel; they shall be grafted in, being a natural
branch of the olive tree, into the true olive tree; and
this is what our father meaneth; and he meaneth that
it will not come to pass, until after they are scattered
by the Gentiles; and he meaneth that it shall come by
way of the Gentiles, that the Lord may shew his pow-
