saw, that the justice of God did also divide the wicked
from the righteous; and the brightness thereof was
like unto the brightness of a flaming fire, which as-
cendeth up unto God forever and ever, and bath no
end.

And they said unto me, doth this thing mean the
torment of the body in the days of probation, or doth
it mean the final state of the soul after the death of
the temporal body? or doth it speak of the things
which are temporal? And it came to pass that I said
unto them, that it was a representation of things both
temporal and spiritual; for the day should come that
they must be judged of their works, yea, even the
works which were done by the temporal body in their
days of probation: wherefore, if they should die in
their wickedness, they must be cast off also, as to the
things which are spiritual, which are pertaining to
righteousness; wherefore, they must be brought to
stand before God, to be judged of their works; and if
their works have been filthiness, they must needs be
filthy; and if they be filthy, it must needs be that they
cannot dwell in the kingdom of God; ifso, the king-
dom of God must be filthy also, But behold, I say x
unto you, the kingdom of God is not filthy, and there <
cannot any unclean thing enter into the kingdom of
God; wherefore there must needs be a place of filthi-
ness prepared for that which is filthy. And there isa
pe prepared, yea, even that awful hell of which I

ave spoken, and the devil is the foundation of it;
wherefore, the final state of the souls of mem is: to
dwell in the kingdom of God, or to be east out hecause
of that justice of which I have spoken; wherefore, the
wicked are rejected from the righteous, and also from
that tree of life, whose fruit is most preciousand most
desirable above all other fruits; yea, and it is the great-

est of all the gifts of God. And thus I spake unto my
brethren. Amen.

..

CHAPTER V.

Asp now it came to pass that after I, Nephi, had
made an end of speaking to my. brethren, behold, they
