had humbled themselves because of my word: for I
did say many things unto them in the energy of my
soul.

And it came to pass that the voice of the Lord came
unto my father; and he was truly chastened because
of his murmuring against the Lord, insomuch that he
was brought down into the depths of sorrow. ..And it
came to pass that the voice of the Lord said unto him,
look upon the ball, and behold the things which are
written! And it came to pass that when my father
beheld the things which were written upon the ball,
he did fear and tremble exceedingly; and also my breth-
ren, and the sons of Ishmael, and our wives.

And it came to pass that I, Nephi, beheld the point-
ers which were in the ball, that they did work accord-
ing to the faith, and diligence, and heed, which we
did give unto them. And there was also written upon
them, a new writing, which was plain to be read,
which did give us understanding concerning the ways
of the Lord; and it was written and changed from
time to time, according to the faith and diligence which
we gave unto it: And thus we see, that by small
means, the Lord can bring about great things.

And it came to pass that I, Nephi, did go forth up into
the top of the mountain, according to the directions
which were given upon the ball. And it came to pass
that I did slay wild beasts; insomuch that I did obtain
food for our families. And it came to pass that i did
return to our tents, bearing the beasts which I had
slain; and now, when they beheld that I had obtained
food, how great was their joy. And it came to pass
that they did humble themselves before the Lord, and
did give thanks unto him.

And it came to pass that we did again take our
journey, travelling nearly the same course ag in the

eginning: and after we had travelled for the space ot
many days, we did pitch our tents again, that we
raight tarry for the space of a time.

nd it came to pass that Ishmael died, and was bu-
ried in the place which was called Nahom. And-it
came to pass that the daughters of Ishmael did mourn
exceedingly, because of the loss of their father, and
because of their afflictions in:the wilderness; and they
did murmur against my father, because he had brought
them out of the land of Jerusalem, saying, our father
is dead; yea, and we have wandered much in the wild:
erness, and we have suffered much affliction, hanger;
