were prepated of the Lord, that-we might not perish.
And we beheld the sea, which we called Irreantum,
which being interpreted, is, many waters.

And it'came to pass that we did pitch our tents by
the seashore; and-notwithstanding we had suffered
many afflictions, and much difficulty, yea, even so
 much that we cannot write them all, we were exceed-
ingly rejoiced when we came to the seashore; and we
called tbe place Bountiful, because of its much fruit,

And it came to pass that after I, Nephi, had been in
the land of Bountiful for the space of many days, the
voice of the Lord came unto me, saying, arise, and get
thee into the mountain. And it came to pass that E
arose and went up into the mountain, and cried unta
the Lord.

And it came to pass that the Lord spake unto me,
saying, thou shalt construct a ship, after the manner
which I shall shew thee, that I may carry thy people
across these waters. And I said, Lord, whither shall
I go, that I may find ore to molten, that 1 may make
tools to construct the ship, afler the manner which
thou hast shewn unto me? And it came to pass that
the Lord told me whither I should go to find ore, that
I might make tools.

And it came to pass that I, Nephi, did make a bel-
lows wherewith to blow the fire, of the skins of
beasts; and after ] had made a bellows, that I. might
have wherewith to blow the fire, 1 did smite two
stones together, that I might make fire; for the Lord
had not hitherto suffered that we should make much
fire, as we journeyed in the wilderness; for he said, I
will make thy food become sweet, that ye cook it not;
and I will also be your light in the wilderness; ahd 1
will prepare the way before you, if it so be that ye
shall keep my commandments; wherefore, inasmuch
as ye shall keep my commandments, ye shall be led
towards the promised land; and ye shall know that it:
is by. me that ye are led. ' Yea, andthe Lord said also,
that after ye have arrived to the promised land, ye
shall know that 1, the Lord,:am God; and that I, the
Lord, did deliver you from destruction; yea, that 1did
bring you out of the. land of Jerusalem. . Where-
fore, I, Nephi, did strive tokeep the commandments
of the Lord, and I. did exhort, my brethren to faithfal-
ness and diligence. : evict vas

And it came to pass that I'did make tools ofthe ore
which I did molten out-of the rock. And): when my
