the wicked he destroyeth, and curseth the land unto
them for their sakes. He ruleth high in the heavens, for
it is his throne, and this earthis his footstool. And he
loveth those who will have him to be their God. Be-
hold, he loved our fathers; and he covenanted with
them, yea, even Abrahan, Isaac,.and Jacob: and he
remembered the covenants which he had made; where-
fore, he did bring them out of the land of Egypt, and
he did straighten them in the wilderness with his rod,
for they hardened their hearts, even as ye have; and
the Lord straightened them because of their iniquity.
He sent fiery-flying serpents among them; and after
they were bitten, he prepared a way that they might
be healed; and the labor which they had to perform,
was to look! and because of the simpleness of the way,
or the easiness of it, there were many who perished,
And they did harden their hearts from time to time,
and they did revile against Moses, and also against
God; nevertheless, ye know that they were led forth
by his matchless power into the land of promise. And
now, after all these things, the time has come that
they have become wicked, yea, nearly unto ripeness;
and [ know not but they are at this day about to be
destroyed; for I know that the day must surely come,
that they must be destroyed, save a few antly, who
shall be led away into captivity; wherefore,.the Lord
commanded my father that he should depart into the
wilderness; and the Jews also sought to take awa

his life; yea, and ye also have sought to take away his
life; wherefore, ye are murderers in your hearts, and
ye are like unto them: Ye are swift to do iniquity, but
slow to remember the Lord your God. Ye have seen
an angel, and he spake unto you; yea, ye have heard
his voice from time to time; and he hath spoken un-
to you in a still, small voice, but ye were past feeling,
that ye could not feel his words; wherefore, he has
spoken unto you like unto the voice of thunder, which did
cause the earth to shake as if it were to divide assun-
der. And ye also know, that by the power of his al-
mighty word, he can cause the earth that it shall pass
away; per and ye know that by his word, he can
cause the rough places to be made smooth, and smooth
places shall be broken up. O, then, whi is it, that
ye can be so hard in your hearts? Behold, my sou! ig
rent with anguish because of you, and my heart is

pained: I fearlest ye shall be cast’ off forever. ' Be-'
