fore, worship the Lord thy God, and honor thy father
and thy mother, that thy days may be long in the land
which the Lord thy God shall give thee. _

And it came to pass that they did worship the Lord,
and did go forth with me; and we did work timbers of
curious workmanship. And the Lord did shew me
from time to time, after what manner I should work
the timbers of the ship. Now I, Nephi, did not werk
the timbers after the manner which was learned by
men, neither did I build the ship after the manner of
men; but I did build iit after the manrer which the
Lord had shewn unto me; wherefore, it was not after
the manner of men.

And I, Nephi, did go into the mount oft, and I did
pray oft unto the Lord; wherefore, the Lord shewed
unto me great things.

And it came to pass that after I had finished the
ship according to the word of the Lord, my brethren
beheld that it was good, and that the workmanship
thereof was exceeding fine; wherefore, they did hum-
ble themselves again before the Lord.

And it came to pass that the voice of the Lord came
unto my father, that we should arise and go down in-
to the ship, And it came to pass that onthe morrow,
after we had prepared all things, much fruits and meat
from the wilderness, and honey in abundance, and
provisions, according to that which the Lord had com-
manded us, we did go down into the ship with all our
loading and our seeds, and whatsoever thing we had
brought with us, every one occording to his age;
wherefore, we did all ge down into the ship, with our
wives and our children. .

And now, my father had begat two sons, in the
wilderness: The eldest was called Jacob, and the
younger, Joseph. And it came to pass after we had
all gone down into the ship, and had taken with us
our provisions and things which had been commanded
us, we did put forth into the sea, and were driven
forth before the wind, towards the promised land; and
after we had been driven forth before the wind, for
the space of many days, behold my brethren, and the
sons of Ishmael, and also their wives, began to make
themselves merry, insomuch that they began to dance,
and to sing, and to speak with muc radehdid, yea,
even that they did forget by what power they had
been brought thither; yea, they were lifted up unto
exceeding radeness.. And I, Nephi, began to fear ex-
