would remember the Lord their Redeemer; wherefore,
I-speak unto all the house of Israel, if it so be that
they should obtain these things. For behold, I have
workings in the spirit, which doth weary me, even
that all my joints are weak, for those who are at Jeru-
salem; for had not the Lord been merciful, to shew
unto me concerning them, even as he had prophets of
old, I should have perished also: and he surely did
shew unto the prophets of old, all things concerning
them; and also he did shew unto many concerning us;
wherefore, it must needs be, that we know concern-
ing them, for they are written upon the plates of brass.

.

CHAPTER VI.

Now it came to pass that I, Nephi, did teach my
brethren these things. And it came to pass that I did
read many things to them, which were engraven upon
the plates of brass, that they might know concerning
the doings of the Lord in other lands, among people of
old. And I did read many things unto them, which
were written in the book of Moses; but that I might
more fully persuade them to believe in the Lord their
Redeemer, I did read unto them that which was writ-
ten by the prophet Isaiah; for I did liken all scriptures
unto us, that it might be for our profit and learning..
Wherefore, I spake unto them, saying, hear ye the
words of the prophet, ye who are a remnant of the
house of Israel, a branch who have been broken off;
hear ye the words of the prophet, which were written
unto all the house of Israel, and liken them unto your-
selves, that ye may have hope as well as your breth-
ren, from whom ye have. been broken off. . For after
this manner has the prophet written: Hearken and
hear this, O house of Jacob, who are called by the
name of Israel,.and are come forth out of the waters of
Judah, who swear by the -name of the Lord, and make
mention of the God of Israel; yet they swear not in
truth, nor in righteousness, . Nevertheless, they call
themeelves of the Holy city, but,they do not. stay
themselves upon the God of Israel, who is the Lord.of
hosts: yea, the: Lord of-hosts is his name. Behold, I
have declared the former things from the beginning;
