and they went forth out of my:mouth, and I shewed
them;  did shew them suddenly. And I did it be+
cause I knew thatthou art obstinate, and thy neck was
an iron sinew, and thy brow brass; and Lhave,even from
the beginning, declared to thee; before it came to pass
I shewed them thee; and I shewed them for fear lest
thou shouldst say; mine idol hath done them, and m
graven image,’and my molten image, hath command-
ed them. Thou hast seen and heard all this; and will
ye not declare them? And that I have shewed thee
new things from this time, even hidden. things, and
thou didst not know them. They are created now,
and not fromthe beginning; even before the day when
thou heardest them not, they weve declared unto thee,
lest thou shouldst say, behold, I knew them. Yea,
and thou heardest not;: yea, thou knewest not; yea,
from that time thine ear was not opened: for I knew
that thou wouldst deal very treacherously, and wast
called a transgressor from the womb.

Nevertheless, for my name’s sake will I defer mine
anger, and for my praise will I refrain from thee, that
I cut thee not off. For, behold, I have refined thee; I
have chosen thee in the furnace of affliction. For
mine own sake, yea, for mine own sake, will I do this;
for I will not suffer my name to be polluted, and I wilk
not give my glory unto another.

Hearken unto me, O Jacob, and Israel my called;
for I am he; I am the first, and I am also the last:.~
Mine hand hath also laid the foundation of the earth,
and my right hand hath spanned the heavens: I call
unto them, and they stand up together. All ye, assem-
ble yourselves, and hear; who among them hath de-
clared these things unto them? The Lord hath loved
him: yea, and he will fulfil his word which he hath de-
clared by them; and he will do his pleasure on Bab-
ylon, and his arm shall come upon the Chaldeans..
Also, saith the Lord: I the Lord, yea, I have spoken;
yea, I have called him, to declare, Shave brought him,
and he shall make his way prosperous,

Come ye near unto me: [ have not spoken in seeret
from the beginning; from the time that it was declar-
ed, have I spoken; and the Lord God, and his spirit,
hath sent me. And thus saith the Lord, thy Redeem-
er, the Holy One of Israel: I have sent him, the Lord
thy God who teacheth thee to profit, who leadeth thee
by the way thou shouldst go, has done’it: O that

ou hadst hearkened to my commandment! then had
