to establish the earth, to cause to inherit the desolate
heritages: that thou mayest say to the prisoners, Go
forth; to them that sit in darkness, Shew yourselves.
They shall feed in the ways, and their pastures’ shall
be in all high places. They shall not hunger nor
thirst, neither shall the heat nor the sun smite them:
for he that hath mercy on them shall lead them, even
by the springs of water shall he guide them. And I
will make all my mountains away, and my highways
shall be exalted. And then, O house of Israel, behold,
these shall come from far; and lo, these from the north
and from the west; and these from the land of Sin-
im.

Sing, O heavens; and be joyful, O earth; for the
feet of those who are in the east shall be established;
and break forth into singing, O mountains: for they
shall be smitten no more: for the Lord hath comforted
his people, and will have mercy upon his afflicted..
But, behold, Zion hath said, the Lord hath forsaken
me, and my Lord hath forgotten me; but he will shew
that he hath not. For can a woman forget her sucking
child, that she should not have compassion on the son
of her womb? Yea, they may forget, yet will I not
forget thee, O house of Israel. Behold, I have gra-
ven thee upon the palms of my hands; thy walls are
continually before me. Thy children shall make haste
against thy destroyers; and they that made thee waste,
shall go forth of thee.

Lift up thine eyes round about, and behold: all these
gather themselves together, and they shall come to
thee. And as I live, saith the Lord, thou shalt surely
clothe thee with them all, as with an ornament, and
bind them on even as a bride. For thy waste and th
desolate places, and the land of thy destruction, shall
even now be too narrow by reason of the inhabitants;
and they that swallowed thee up, shall be far away..
The children whom thou shalt have, after thou hast
lost the first, shall again in thine ears say, the place
is too straight for me: give place to me that I may dwell.
Then shait thou say in thine heart, who liath begotten
me these, seeing I have lost my children, and am deso-
late, a captive, and removing to and fro? and who
hath brought up these? Behold, I was left alone;
these, where have they been? Thus saith the Lord
God, behold, I will lift up mine hand to the Gentiles,
and: set upmy standard to the people: and they'shall
bring thy sons. in their arms, and thy daughters shall
