ed and be confounded, because of the holy One of Is-
rael; for against him will they harden their hearts; .
wherefore, they shall be scattered. among all nations,
and shall be hated of all men. Nevertheless, after
they shall be nursed by the Gentiles, and the Lord has
lifted up his hand upen the Gentiles and set them up
for a standard, and their children have been carried in
their arms, and their daughters have been carried upon
their shoulders, behold, these things of which are spo-
ken, are temporal: for thus is the covenants of the
Lord with our fathers; and it meaneth us in the days
to come, and also all our brethren who are of the house
of Israel. And it meaneth that the time.cometh that
after all the house of Israel have been scattered and
confounded, that the Lord God will raise up a mighty
nation among the Gentiles. yea, even upon the face of
this land; and by them shall our seed be scattered..
And after our seed is scattered, the Lord God will pro-
ceed to doa marvellous work among the Gentiles,
which shall be of great worth unto our seed; where-
fore, it is likened unto the being nourished by the
Gentiles, and being carried in their arms, and upon
their shoulders. And it shall also be of worth unto
the Gentiles: and not only unto the Gentiles, but unto
all the house of Israel, unto the making known of the
covenants of the Father of heaven unto Abraham, say-
ing, in thy seed shall all the kindreds of the earth be
blessed. And I would, my brethren, that ye should
know that all the kindreds of the earth cannot be bles-
sed, unless he shall make bare his arm in the eyes
of the nations. Wherefore, the Lord God will pro-
ceed to make bare his arm in the eyes of all the na-
tions, in bringing about his covenants and his gospel,
unto those who are of the house of Israel. Wherefore,
he will bring them again out of captivity and they shall
be gathered together to the lands of their inheritance:
and they shall be brought out of obscurity, and out of
darkness; and they shall know that the Lord is their
Savior and their Redeemer, the mighty one of Israel.
And the bloodof that great and abominable church,
which is the whore ofall the earth, shall turn upon their
own heads; for they shall war among themselves, and
the sword of their own hands shall fall upon their own
heads, and they shall be drunken with their own blood.
And every nation which shall war. against thee, O
house of Israel, shall be turned one against another,
and they shall fall into the pit which they. digged to
