God, which was in him; and that which ye callanger,
was the truth, according to that which is in God,
which he could not restrain manifesting boldly con-
cerning your iniquities. And it must needs be that
the power of God must be with him, even unto his
commanding you, that ye must obey.. But behold, it
was not him, but it was the spirit of the Lord which
was in him, which opened his mouth to utterance,
that he could not shut it.

And now my son Laman, and also Lemuel and Sam,
and also my sons who are the sons of Ishmael, behold,
if ye will hearken unto the voice of Nephi, ye shall not
perish. And if ye will hearken unto him, { leave un-
to you a blessing, yea, even my first blessing. But if
ye will not hearken unto him, I take away my first
blessing, yea, even my blessing, and it shall rest upon
him. And now, Zoram, I speak unto you: Behold,
thou art the servant of Laban; nevertheless, thou
hast been brought out of the land of Jerusalem, and [
know that thou art a true friend unto my son Nephi,
forever, Wherefore, because thou hast been faithful,
thy seed shall be blessed with his seed, that they dwell
in prosperity long upon the face of this land; and
nothing, save it shall be iniquity among them, shall
harm or disturb their prosperity upon the face of this
land forever. Wherefore, if ye shall keep the com-
mandments of the Lord, the Lord hath consecrated
this land for the security of thy seed with the seed of
my son. And now, Jacob, [speak unto you: Thou
art my first born in the days of oe tribulation in the
wilderness. And behold, in thy childhood thou hast.
suffered afflictions and much sorrow, because of the
rudeness of thy brethren, Nevertheless, Jacob, my
first born in the wilderness, thou knowest the great-
ness of God; and he shall consecrate thine afflictions
for thy gain. Wherefore, thy soul shall be blessed,
and thou shalt dwell safely with thy brother, Nephi;
and thy days.shall be spent in the service of thy God.
Wherefore, I know that thou art redeemed, because
of the righteousness of thy Redeemer: for thou hast
beheld, that in the fulness of time, he cometh to bring
salvation unto men. And thou hast beheld in thy
youth, his glory; wherefore, thou art blessed even as
they unto whom he shall minister in the flesh: for the
spirit is the same, yesterday, to-day, and forever..
And the way is prepared from the fallof man, and sal-
vation is free. .And men are instructed sufficiently,
