there be no righteousness, there be no happiness..
And if there be no righteousness nor happiness, there
be no punishment nor misery. And if these things
are not, there is no God. And if there is no God, we
are not, neither the earth: for-there could have been
no creation of things, neither to act nor to be act-
ed upon; wherefore, all things must have vanished
away.

And now, my sons, I speak unto you these things,
for your profit and spacings for there is a God, and
he hath created all things, both the heavens and the
earth, and all things that in them is; both things to
act, and things to be acted upon; and to bring about
his eternal purposes in the end of man, after he had
created our first parents, and the beasts of the field
and the fowls of the air, and in fine, all things which
are created, it must needs be that there was an oppo-
sition; even the forbidden fruit in opposition to the
tree of life; the one being sweet and the other bitter;
wherefore, the Lord God gave unto man, that: he
should act for himself Wherefore, man could not
act for himself, save it should be that he was enticed
by the one or the other.

And I, Lehi, according to the things which I have
read, must needs suppose, thatan angel of God, ac-
cording to that which is written, had fallen from heav-
en; wherefore he became a devil, having sought that
which was evil before God. And because he had fall-
en from heaven, and had become miserable forever, he
sought also the misery of all mankind. Wherefore, he
said unto Eve, yea, even that old serpent, who is the
devil, who is the father of all lies; wherefore he said,
partake of the forbidden fruit, and ye shall not die,
but ye shall be as God, knowing good and evil. And
afler Adam and Eve had partaken of the forbidden
fruit, they were driven out of the garden.of Eden, to
till the earth. And they have brought forth children;
yea, even the family of all the earth. And the days
of the children of men were prolonged, according to
the will of God, that they might repent while in the
flesh; wherefore, their state became a state of proba-
tion, and their time was lengthened, according to the
commandments which the Lord God gave unto the
children ofmen. For he gave commandment that all
men must repent; for he shewed unto all men that
they were lost, because of the transgression of their
parents. And now, behold, if Adam had not. trans-
