CHAPTER II.

Anp now I speak unto you, Joseph, miy last born.
Thou wast born in the wilderness of mine afflictions;
yea, in the days of my greatest sorrow, did thy moth-
er bear thee. And may the Lord consecrate also unto
thee this land, which is a most precious land, for thine
inheritance and the inheritance of thy seed with thy
brethren, for thy security forever, if it so be that ye
shall keep the commandments of theHoly One of Is-
racl. And now, Joseph, my last born, whom I have
brought out of the wilderness of mine afflictions, may
the Lord bless tnee forever, for thy seed shall not-ut-
terly be destroyed. For behold, thou art the fruit of
my loins; and lam a descendant of Joseph, who was
carried captive into Egypt. And great were the cov-
enants of the Lord, which he made unto Joseph;
wherefore, Joseph truly saw our day. And he ob-
tained a promise of the Lord, that out of the fruit of
his loins, the Lord God would raise up. a righteous
branch unto the house of Israel; not the Messiah, but
a branch which was to be broken off; nevertheless, to
be remembered in the covenants of the Lord, that the
Messiah should be made manifest. unto them. in the
latter days, in the spirit of power, unto the bringing
of them out of darkness unto light; yea, out of hidden
darkness and out of captivity unto freedom. For Jo-
seph truly testified, saying: A seer shall the Lord m
God raise up, who shall be a choice seer unto the fruit

of my loins, Yea, Joseph truly said, thus saith the
Lord unto me: A choice seer will I raise up out of
the fruit of thy loins; and he shall be esteemed highly
among the fruit of thy loins. : And unto him will I
ive.commandment, tlfat he shall do a work for the
fruit of thy loins, his brethren, which shall be of great
worth unto them, even to the bringing of them to the
knowledge of the covenants which I have made with
thy fathers.  And I will give unto him a command-
ment, that he shall do none other work, save the work
which I shall command him. And J. will make him
great in mine eyes: for he shall do my work. And
shall be great like unto Moses, whom I have said I
would raise up unto you, to deliver my people, O
house of Israel. And Moses will I raise up, to deliver
thy people out of the land of Egypt. But'a seer will
I raise up out of the fruit of thy loins; and unto him
will I give power to bring ferth my word: unto the
