seed of thy loins; and not to the bringing forth my
word only, saith the Lord, but to the convincing them
of my word, which shall have already gone forth
among them. Wherefore, the fruit of thy loins shall
write; and the fruit of the loins of Judah shall write;
and that which shall be written by the fruit of thy
loins, and also that which shall be written by the
fruit of the loins of Judah, shall grow together, unto
the confounding of false doctrines, and laying down
of contentions, and establishing peace among the fruit
of thy Joins, and bringing them to the knowledge of
their fathers in the latter days; and also to the know-
ledge of my covenants, saith the Lord. And out of 
weakness he shall’ be made strong, in that day when
my work shall commence among all my people, unto
the restoring thee, O house of Israel, saith the Lord.
And thus prophesied Joseph, saying: Behold,. that
seer will the Lord bless; and they that seek to des-
troy him, shall be confounded: for this promise, of
which I have obtained of the Lord, of the fruit of thy
loins, shall be fulfilled. Behold, 1 am sure of the ful-
filling of this promise. And his name shall be called
after me; and it shall be after the name of his father.
And he-shall be like unto me; for the thing which the
Lord shall bring forth by his. hand, by the power of
the Lord shall bring my people unto salvation; yea,
thus prophesied Joseph, I am sure of this thing, even
as Iam sure-of the promise of Moses: for the Lord
hath said unto me, I will prese:ve: thy seed forever.
And the Lord hath said, I will raise-up a. Moses; and
I will give.power unto him in a rod; and I will give
judgement unto him in writing. Yet I will not loose
is tongue, that he shall speak much: for I will not
make hiny mighty in speaking: But I will write unto
him my law, by the finger of mine own hand; and I
will make a spokesman for him.- And.the Lord said
unto me also; I will raise up unto the fruit of thy
loins; and I will make for him a aspokesman.  And
I, behold, I will give.unto. him,'\that lie :shall write
the writing of the fruit of thy loins, unto the fruit of
thy loins;.and the spokesman of thy. loins shall de-
clare it...; And the words which he shall write, shall!
be the words which are expedient in my wisdom,
should go forth..unto the fruit of thy loins... And it
shall be.as. if the. fruit: of thy loins had cried: unto
them from.the:dust:;:for I know: their faith. And
they shall, cry from: the dust; yea, even repentance
