unto their brethren, even afler.many generations have
gone by them. And it shalleome to pass that their
cry shall go, even according to the simpleness of their
words. Because of their faith, their words shall pro-
ceed forth out of my mouth unto their brethren, who
are the fruit of thy loins; and. the weakness of their
words will I make strong in their faith, unto the re-
membering of my covenant which I made unto thy
fathers.

And now, behold, my son Joseph, after this manner
did my father of old prophesy. Wherefore, because
of this covenant thou art blessed: for thy seed shall
not be destroyed, for they shall hearken unto .the
words of the book. And there shall raise up. one
mighty among them, who shall do much good, both
in word and in deed, being an instrument in the hands
of God, with exceeding faith, to work mighty won-
ders, and do that thing which is great in the sight. of
God, unto the bringing to pass much restoration unto
the house of Israel, and unto the seed of thy brethren.
And now, blessed art thou, Joseph. Behold, thou art
little; wherefore, hearken unto..the words of thy
brother Nephi, and it shall be done unto thee, even
according to the words which I have spoken. Re-
member the words of thy dying father. Amen,

.

CHAPTER HI.

_Anp now, I, Nephi, speak concerning the prophe-
cies of which my father hath spoken, concerning Jo+
seph, who was carried into Egypt: For behold, he
truly prophesied concerning all his seed. And: the
prophecies which he wrote, there are not many greater.



And he prophesied concerning us, and our future. gen- /
erations; and they are written upon the plates: of”.

brass. Wherefore, after my father. hadmadee’an’end:
of speaking concerning the prophecies of Joseph, he
called the children of Laman, his sons, and his daugh-
ters, and said unto them, behold, my sons, and: my
daughters, who are the sons and the daughters of my
first born, I would that: ye should give ear unto my
words: forthe Lord God hath said, that inasmueh-as
