Solomon's temple. But the manner of the construo-
tion was like unto the temple of Solomon; and the
workmanship thereof was exceeding fine.

And it came to pass that I, Nephi, did cause my
people to be industrious, and to labor with their hangs,
And it came to pass that they would that I should be
their king. But I, Nephi, was desirous that they
should have no king; nevertheless, I did for them ac-
cording to that. which was in my power. And be-
hold, the words of the Lord had been fulfilled unto
my brethren, which he spake concerning them, that-I
should be their ruler and their teacher; wherefore, I
had been their ruler and their teacher, according to
the commandments of the Lord, until the time they
sought to take away my life. Wherefore, the word
of the Lord was fulfilled which he spake unto me,
saying: That inasmuch as they will not hearken un-
to thy words, they shall be cut off from the presence
of the Lord. And behold, they were cut off from his
presence. And he had caused the cursing to come
upon them, yea, even a sore cursing, because of their
iniquity. For behold, they had hardened their hearts
against him, that they had become like unto a flint;
wherefore, as they were white, and exceeding fair and
delightsome, that they might not be enticing unto my
people, the Lord God did cause a skin of blackness to
come upon them. And thus saith the Lord God, I
will cause that they shall be loathsome unto thy peo-
ple, save they shall repent of their iniquities. And
cursed shall be the seed of him that mixeth with their
seed: for they shall be cursed even with the same
cursing. And the. Lord spake it, and it was done..
And because of their cursing which was upon. them,
they did become an idle people, full of mischief and
subtlety, and did seek in the wilderness for beasts of
prey. And the Lord God said unto me, they shall be
a scourge unto thy seed, to stir them up in remem-
brance of me; and inasmuch as they will not remem-
ber me, and hearken unto my words, they shall scourge
them even unto destruction.

And it came to pass that I, Nephi, did consecrate
Jacob and Joseph, that they should be priests and
teachers over the land of my people. And it came-to
pass that.we lived after the manner of happiness..
Aad thirty years had passed away. from the time.we
left Jerusalem. And-I, Nephi, had kept the records
