feet; and the people of the Lord shall not be ashamed.
For the people of the Lord are they who wait for him:
for they still wait for the coming of the Messiah. And
behold, according to the words of the prophet, the
Messiah will set himself again the second time, to re-
cover them; wherefore, he will manifest himself unto
them in power and great glory, unto the destruction
of their enemies, when that day cometh when they
shall believe in him; and none will he destroy that
believe in him. And they that believe not in him,
shall be destroyed, both by fire, and by tempest, and
by earthquakes, and by bloodsheds, and by pestilence,
and by famine. And they shall know that the Lord
is God, the Holy One of Israel: for shall the prey be
taken from the mighty, or the lawful captive deliver-
ed?  But thus saith the Lord: Even the captives of
the mighty shall be taken away, and the prey of the
terrible shall be delivered: for the mighty God shall
deliver his covenant people. For thus saith the Lord:
I will contend with them that contendeth with thee,
and  will feed them that oppress thee, with their own
flesh; and they shall be drunken with their own blood,
as with sweet wine; and all flesh shall know that I
the Lord am thy Savior and thy Redeemer, the
mighty One of Jacob. Yea, for thus saith the Lord:
Have I put thee away, or have I cast thee off forever?
For thus saith the Lord: Where is the bill of your
mother’s divorcement?) To whom have  put thee
away, or to which of my creditors have I sold yout
Yea, to whom have I sold you? Behold, for your in-
iquities have ye sold yourselves; and for your trans-
gressions is your mother put away; wherefore, when
I came, there was no man; when I called, yea, there
was none to answer,

O House of Israel, is my hand shortened at all that
it cannot redeem, or have I no power to deliver?’ Be-
hold, at my rebuke, I dry up the sea, I make their
rivers a wilderness and their fish to stink, because the
waters are dried up; and they die because of thirst.
I clothe the heavens with blackness, and I make sack-
cloth their covering. The Lord God hath given me
the tongue of the learned, that I should know how to
speak a word in season unto thee, O House of Israel.

hen ye are weary, he waketh morning by morning.
He waketh mine ear to hear as. the learned. The
Lord God hath appointed mine ear, and  was not re-
bellious, neither turned away back. I gave my back
