Awake, awake! Put on strength O arm of the
Lord: awake as in the ancient days, Art thou nothe
that hath cut Rahab, and wounded the dragon? Art
thon not he who hath dried the sea, the waters of the
great deep; that hath made the depths of the scaa
way for the ransomed to pass over! Therefore, the
redeemed of the Lord shall return, and come with
singing unto Zion; and everlasting joy and holiness
shall be upon their heads; and they sball obtain glad-
ness and joy: sorrow and mourning shall flee away.
Iam he; yea, I am he that comforteth you: Behold,
who art thou, that thou_shouldest be afraid of man,
who shall die, and of the Son of man, who shall be
made like unto grass; and forgetest the Lord thy ma-
ker, that hath stretched forth the heavens, and laid
the foundations of tae earth; and hast feared continnu-
ally every day, because of the fury of the oppressor,
as if he were ready to destroy? And where is the fu-
ry of the oppressor? The captive exile hasteneth,
that he may be loosed, and that he should not die in
the pit, nor that his bread should fail. But I am the
Lord thy God, whose waves roared: the Lord of
Hosts is my name. And [ have put my words in thy
mouth, and have covered thee in the shadow of mine
hand, that I may plant the heavens and lay the found-
ations of the earth, and say unto Zion, Behold, thou
art my people. Awake, awake, stand up, O Jerusa-
lem, which hast drunk at the hand of the Lord the
cup of his fury; thou hast drunken the dregs of the
cup of trembling rung out; and none to guide her
among all the sons she hath brought forth; neither
that taketh her by the-hand, of all the sons she hath
brought up. . These two sons are.come unto thee;
who shall be sorry for thee: thy desolation and des-
truction, and the famine and the sword: And by
whom shall [ comfort thee? Thy sons have fainted,
save these two: they lie at the head of all the streets,

as a wild bull ina net: they are full of the fury of the
Lord, the rebuke of thy God.

Therefore hear now this, thou afflicted, and drunk-
en, and not with wine: thus saith thy Lord, the Lord
and thy God pleadeth the cause of his people, Behold,
I have taken out of thine hand the cup of trembling,
the dregs. of the cup of my fury; thou shalt no more
drink it again... But. I will put it. into: the hand’ of
them thatafflict thee; :who have said-to thy soul, Bow
down, that we may go over: and thou hast~Jaid thy
