atonement; save it should be an infinite atonement,

this corruption could not put on incorruption. Where-

fore, the first judgment which came upon man, must

needs have remained to an endless duration. And if’
so, this flesh must have laid down to rot and to crum-

ble to its mother earth, to rise no more.

O the wisdom of God! his merey and grace! For
behold, if the flesh should rise no more, our spirits
must become subject to that angel who fell. irom be-
fore the presence of the eternal God, and became the
devil, to rise no more. And our spirits must have be-
come like unto him, and we become devils, angels’to
a devil, to be shut out from the presence of our God,
and to remain with the father of lies, in misery, like
unto himself; yea, to that being who beguiled our first
parents; who transformeth himself nigh unto an. an-
gel of light, and stireth up the children of men unto
secret combinations of murder, and all manner of
secret works of darkness.

O how great the goddness of our God, who prepar-
eth a way for our escape from the grasp of this awful
monster; yea, that monster, death and hell, which I:
call the death of the body, and also the death of the
spirit. And because of the way of deliverance of our
God, the Holy One of Israel, this death, of which I
have spoken, which is the temporal, shall deliver u
its dead; which death is the grave. And this deat
of which I have spoken, which is the spiritual death,
shall deliyer up its dead; which spiritual death is hell;
wherefore, death and hell must deliver up their dead,
and hell must deliver up its captive spirits, and the grave
must deliver up its captive bodies, and the bodies and
the spirits of men will be restored, one to the other:
and it is by the power of the resurrection of the Holy
One of Israel.

. © how great the plan of our God! For on the oth-
er hand, the paradise of God must deliver up the spir-
its of the righteous, and the grave deliver up the body
of the righteous; and the spirit and the body is restor-
ed to itself again, and all men become incorruptible,
and immortal, and they are living souls, having a per-
fect knowledge like unto us,.in the flesh; save it be
that our knowledge shall be perfect; wherefore, we
shall have a perfect knowledge of all our guilt, and
our uncleanness, and our nakedness; and the right-
eous shall have a: perfect knowldege’ of their enjoy-
