one. Remember, to be carnally minded, is death, and
to be spiritually minded, is life eternal.

O, my beloved brethren, give ear to my words..
Remember the greatness of the Holy One of Israel.
Do not say that I have spoken hard things against

ou: for if ye do, ye will revile against the truth: for
i hiave spoken the words of your Maker. I know that
the words of truth are hard against all wncleanness;
but the righteous fear them not, for they love the
truth, and are not shaken.

O then, my beloved brethren, come unto the Lord,
the Holy One. Remember that his paths are right-
ous. Behold, the way for man is narrow, but it lieth
in a straight course before him, and the keeper of the
gate is the Holy One of Israel: and he employeth no
servant there; and there is none other way, save it be
by the gate, for he cannot be deceived; for the Lord
God is his name. And whoso knocketh, to him will
he open; and the wise, and the learned, and they that
are rich, who are puffed up because of their learning,
and their wisdom, and their riches; yea, they are they,
whom he despiseth; and save they shall cast these
things away, and consider themselves fools before
God, and come down in the depths of humility, he
will not open unto them. But the things of the wise
and the prudent, shall be hid from them forever; yea,
that happiness which is prepared for the saints. O
my beloved brethren, remember my words: Behold, I
take off my garments and I shake them before you: I
pray the God of my salvation that he view me with
his All-searching eye; wherefore, ye shall know at
the last day, when all men shall be judged of their
works, that the God of Israel did witness that I shook
your iniquities from my soul, and that I stand with
brightness before him, and am rid of your blood.

my beloved brethren, turn away from your sins;
shake off the chains of him that would bind you fast;
come unto that God who is the rock of your salvation.
Prepare your souls for that glorious day, when justice
shall be administered unto the righteous; even the
day of judgment, that ye may not shrink with awful
fear; that ye may not remember your awful guilt in
perfectness, and be constrained to exclaim, holy, -ho-
ly are thy judgments, O Lord God Almighty. But I
know my guilt; I transgressed thy law, and my trans-
= are mine; and the devil had. obtained .me,
that Iam a prey to his awful misery. But behold, my
