to the children of men, that I will do unto them while
they are in the flesh, 1 nxust needs destroy the secret
works of darkness, and of murders, and of abomina-
tions; wherefore, he that fighteth against Zion, both
Jew and Gentile, both bond and free, both male and
female, shall perish: for they are they who are the
whore of all the earth; for they who are not for me,
are against me, saith our God. For I will fulfil my
promises which  have made unto the children of men,
that I will do unto them while they are in the flesh..
Wherefore, my beloved brethren, thus saith our God:
I will afflict thy seed by the hand of the Gentiies;
nevertheless, I will soften the hearts of the Gentiles,
that they shall be like unto 4 father to them; where-
fore, the Gentiles shall be blessed and numbered among
the house of Israel. Wherefore, I will consecrate this
land unto thy seed and they who shall be numbered
among thy seed, forever, for the land of theif inherit-
ance: For itis a choice land, saith God unto me,
above all other lands; wherefore, I will have all men
that dwell thereon, that they shall worship me, saith
God.

And now, my beloved brethren, seeing that our
merciful God has given us so great knowledge concern-
ing these things, let us remember him, and lay aside
our sins, and not hang down our heads, for we are not
cast off; nevertheless, we have been driven out of the
land of our inheritance; but we have been led to a bet-
ter land: for the Lord has made the sea our path, and
we are upon an isle of the sea. But great are the
promises of the Lord unto they whoare upon the isles
of the sea; wherefore, as it says isles, there must
needs be more than this; and they are inhabited also
by our brethren. For behold, the Lord God has led
away from time to time from the-house of Israel, ac-
cording to his will and pleasure. And now, behold,
the Lord remembereth all they who have been broken
off; wherefore, he remembereth us also. Therefore
cheer up your hearts, and remember that ye are free
to act for yourselves: to choose the way of everlasting
death, or the way of eternal life. Wherefore, my be-
loved brethren, reconcile yourselves to the will of God,
and not.to the will of the devil and the flesh; and re-
member after ye are reconciled unto God, that it is
only in and through the grace of God that ye are sa-
ved. Wherefore, may God raise you from death, by
