and if they.look unto the land,. behold, darkness and
sorrow, and the light is darkened in the heavens thereof.

CHAPTER IX.

In the year that king Uzziah died, I saw also. the
Lord sitting upon a throne, -high and lifted up, and
his train filled the temple. Above it stood the sera-
phims; each one had six -wings;. with twain he coy-
ered his face, and with twain he covered his feet, and
with twain’ he did fly, And one cried unto another,
and said, Holy, holy, holy, is the Lord ef hosts: the
whole earth is full of his glory. . And the posts of the
door moved at.the voice: of him that eried, and. the
house was filled with smoke:  :

Then. said], wo isunto mel for I am undone; he-
eause I am'a-nan of unelean lips, and I dwell im the
midst of a people of unclean lips: for mine eyes have
seen the King, the Lord of: hosts. Then flew one of
the seraphims unto me, having a live coal in his hand,
which he had taken with the tongs from off the.altar:
and he laid it upon-my mouth, and said, Lo, this has
touched thy lips; and thine iniquity is taken away,
and thy sin purged. Also-.l-heard the voice of the
Lord, saying, whom: shall I’send, and who will go
for us? ~Then I said, here am I; send me.

And he said; go, and: tell this people, bear.ye.in-
deed, but they understood not; and: see ye indeed; but
they perceived not. Make: the heart of this’ people fat,
and make theirsears heavy;und. shut their eyes;, lest
they see with their eyes,and:hear with their ears, and
understand with their-heart; and be converted, and be
healed. hen said I, Lord, how long? And he-said,
until the cities be wasted. without inhabitant, andthe
houses without man, and the land be utterly desolate;
andthe Lord: have:removed men-far away, for: there
shall: be a great’ forsaking in the midst of the lands:

- But yet there-shall bea tenth, and they shall return,
and shall be eaten:’ asateil-tree, and.asan oak whose
substanee isin them, when they cast their-leaves:. 80
the holy seed'shall be the substance: thereof.

And it came to pass in the days of Ahaz the son of
Jotham, the son of Uzziah, king of Judah, that Rezin,
