rest all of theni im the desolate valleys, and inthe
holes ofthe rocks, and upoa all thorns, and upon_all
bushes, -Invthe'same day shall the Lord shave with a
razor that-is hired, by them. beyond the river, by the
king’of Assyria, the. head, and thehair' of the feet:
and itshall also consume! the beard. And it-shall
eome to pass in that day, a man shall nourish a young
cow; and'two sheep; and it shall come to pass, forthe
abundance of milk they shall'give, he shall eat butter:
forbutter and honey shall every one eat that is leftin
the land. And it-shall come:to pass in that.day,' eve:
ry place shall. be, where there. were a thousand vines
at'a thousand silverlings, which’shall-be for:briersiand
thorns. With:arrows and with bows: shall men come
thither; because’all the land. shall.become briers:and
thorns. And:alkhills that shalbbe digged with the:mat-
tock,'there shall not come thither the.fear of-briersand
thorns: but it’ shall be for the sending forth of oxen,
and the treading of Jesser catile. hy pi Nn
--1Moreover;the word of the Lord said unto me; take
thee @ great roll, and write in it with'a man’s pen con-
ceming Malhier-shalal-hash-baz: And I took unto: me
faithful witnesses: to record; Uriah the priest, and
Zechariah the son of Jeberechiah.. And Jiowent unto
the prophetess; and she conceived and bear-a sone
Then'said the Lord to me, call. his name Maher-shalal-
hash-baz.. For behold, the child'shall not -have knowl-
edge tovcry; my father, -and my. mother, before the
riches of Damascus and the spoil of Samaria shall be
taken away. before the king of Assyria. pote Gay
The Lord spake also unto me again, saying, foras-
much as this people refuseth: the: waters of Shiloah
that go'softly; and rejoice in Rezin and: Remalia’s son;
now’ therefore; behold, the Lord -bringeth up: upon
them the waters:ofi: the river, strong and: many, even
the king of -Assyria, and! all :his' glory; and he. shall
come’ up overall his channels, -and  go: over-all’: his
banks: and he shall pass through Judah; he'shall over-
flow and go over, he shall reach even ta:the neck;
and the stretching out of his wings shall fill the breadth
of thy Jand, O Immanuel. 208/32 eh oe bite oly
Associate yourselves, O ye:people,: and: :yei shalkbe
broken in pieces}: and igive ear all’ ye-of, fat countries:
gird yourselves, and ye:shall be beokss to phoet
yourselves; andi ye shall be broken in-pieces: Take
- counsel together and-it: shall come te. night ospeak
