the word,.and--it.shall not: stand: for-God.is with us:
For the. Lord spake thus to me withya.strong-hand,:
and instructed me that :should.not walk in the:way,
of this people, saying, say;ye-not,’a ;confederacy, to
all to whom this people shall say, .a confederacy >-nel-,
ther fear ye. their fear, nor be :afraid. : Sanctify: the
Lord of hosts himself, and Jet him-be:.your fear, and
let him be your dread. And he:shailbe for a sanctua-
ry; but for a.stone:of stumbling; and fora rock of -of+
fence to both the houses of Israel, -for agin and a
snare to the inhabitants of Jerusalem: And many:
among them shall stumble,:and fall, and be broken, and
be.snared, and be taken. . Bind up the testimony, seal
the law among my disciples. ; And, Iiwill ,wait upon
the Lord, that hideth his tace.from.the house of -Ja-
cob, and I will look for him,’ Behold, I and the chil-
dren whom the Lord hath given me arefor signs and
for wonders: in Israel from the Lord of hosts, which
dwelleth in mount-Zien 50 bia ts
And when they shall say: unto you, seek unta them
that have familiar spirits, and unto wizards that. peep,
and mutter: should.not a people-seek unto, their God?
forthe living to hear. from the.dead? to the law and
to the destimony: and.if they. speak not according to
this word, ,it is because there is no light. in .them,.
And they shall pass through it hardly bestead and
hungry, and it shall come to pass,; that when they
shall be hungry, they-shall fret. themselves, and curse
their king and-their God, and look upward, . Aud they
shall leok unto the .earths. and--behold trouble, and
darkness, dimness of anguish, and shall be driven to
darkness. pM gt mots i str. tenses
 Nevertheless'the dimness shall..not.be. such-as,awag
in her vexation, when at first he lightly afflicted the
land of. Zebulon, and: the.land of: Naphtali,,and after-
wards did: more grievously. afflict hy,the..way- of: the:
Red Sea beyond Jordanin/Galilee.of the nations,
The people:that.walked,in darkness have seen.a great;
light: they that dwell in the Jand,of.the shadow. of:
death;: upon them shath the Jight;shined...: Thou, hast
mulfiplied.the nation; and inereased the joy; they jey:
before - thee according. to the! joy:in, harvest,:.and jag.
men rejoice when:they divide the spoil, .,For.thou hast;
broker’ thei-yokeiof-his: burden, .and thei staff ef his,
shoulder, the!.rod of::his, oppressor... For.every, battle,
of the: wariorwithieonfused hoise,;and garments rolled:
in blood; but this shall be with burning and. fuel of
