fire. For unte usa child is born, unto usa son isgiv>-
en: and the government shall be upon his shoulder:

and-his'name shall be called Wonderfulj Counsellor;

The mighty God, The everlasting Father, The Prince

of Peace. Of: the increase of: government and peace

there is no end, upon the throne of David, and upon

his kingdom, to order it, and to establish it with judg-

ment and with justice from henceforth even forever..

The zeal of the Lord’ of hosts will perform this.

The Lord sent his word unto Jacob and it hath
lighted upon Israel. And'all the people shall know,
even Ephraim and the inhabitants of Samaria, that
say in the pride and stoutness of heart, the bricks are
fallen down, but we will build with hewn stones: the
sycamores are cut down, but we will change them
into cedars. Therefore the Lord shall set up the ad-
versaries of Rezin against him, and join his enemies
together; the Syrians before, and the Philistines be-
hind: and they shall devour Israel with open mouth.
For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand
is stretched out still.

For the people turneth not unto him that smiteth
them, neither do they seek the Lord of hosts.. There-
fore will the Lord eut off from Israel head and tail,
branch and rush in one day. The ancient, he is the
head; and the prophet that teacheth lies, he is the
tail. For the leaders of this people cause them.to err;
and they that are led of them are destroyed. There-
fore the Lord shall have no joy in their young men,
neither shall have mercy on their fatherless and wid-
ows: for every one of them isa hypocrite and an evil-
doer, and every mouth speaketh folly. For all this: his
anger is not turned away, but his hand stretched out
still.

For wickedness burneth as the fire; it shall devour
the briers and thorrs, and shall kindle in the thickets
of the forests, and they shall mount up like the lift-
ing up of smoke. Through the wrath of'the Lord of
hosts is the land darkened, and:the people shall be as
the fuel of the fire: no man shall spare his brother.
And heshall snatch on the right hand, and be hungry;
and he shall eat'on the left hand, and they shall-not’
be satisfied: they shall eat everysinan therflesh of his
own arm: Manasseh, Ephraim; and Ephraim,’ Manas
sehy they together shall be against Judah: For all
this his are not turned away, but-his hand stretch-’
ed out still, 280 Bie ot? sit thembd 
