men go over dry shod. And there shall.be a highway
for the remnant-of his people, which. sball be left, from
Assyria, like as it was to Israel in the day that he
caine up out.of the land of Egypt. i ;

And in that day thou shaltsay, O Lord, I will praise
thee; though thou wast angry with me,. thine anger ia
turned away, and thou comlortedst me. Behold, God
is my.selvation; I will trust, and not be afraid: for
the Lord, JEHOVAH is my strength and my song;
he also has-become my salvation. Therefore with joy
shall ye draw water ont of the wells of salvation..
And in that day shall ye say, praise the Lord, call up-
on his name, declare his doings among the people,
make mention that bis nameis exalted. Sing. unto
the Lord; for he hath done excellent things: this is
known. in all the earth. Cry out and shout, thou in-
habitant of Zion; for-great is.the Holy One of Israel
in the midst of thee. i

.

CHAPTER X.

Tar burden of Babylon, which Isaiah the son of
Amoz did see. Lift ye up a banner upon the high
mountain, exalt the voice unto them, shake the hand,
that they maygo into the gate: .: the nobles, I have
commanded my sa .cuned ones, I have also called my
mighty ones, tor mine anger is not upon them that re-
joice in my highness. The noise of the multitude in
the mountains like as of a great people; a tumultuous
noise of the kingdoms of nations gathered together
the Lord of hosts mustereth the hosts of the battle..
They come froma far country, from the end of heay-
en, yea, the Lord, and the weapons of his indignation,
to destroy the whole land. Pes oi

Howl ye; for the day of the Lord'is at hand: it shall
come as a destruction from the Almighty. Therefore
shall all hands be faint, every man’s heart shall melts
and they shall be afraid;. pangs and.sorrows shall take
hold of them;..they shall-be- amazed one at another}
their faces shall-be asflames:, Behold,.the day of the
Lord cometh, cruel both with wrath and fierce angety
to lay, the land desolate:..andi he:shall destroy the sin
ners. thereof out, of .it, ..For:the jstars of heaven,and
