the constellations thereof shall net give their light;
the sun shall be darkened in her’ goitig forth, and the
moon shall not: cause her light to shine. And { will
punish the world for evil, and the wicked for their-in-
iquity; I will cause the arrogancy of the proud to cease,
and will lay down the haughtiness of the terrible. FE
will make a man more precious than fine gold} even a
man than the golden wedge of Ophir. Therefore F
will shake the heavens, and the earth shall remove out
of her place, in the wrath of the Lord of hosts, and.in
the day of his fierce anger. And it shall be as the
chased roe, and asa sheep that no man taketh up:
and they shall every man turn to his own people, and
flee every one into his own land. Every one that is
proud shall be thrust through; yea, and every one that
is joined to the wicked, shall fall by the sword. Their
children also shall be dashed to pieces before their eyes;
their houses slhiall be spoiled, and their wives ravish-
ed. Behold, I will stir up the Medes against them,
which shall not regard silver and gold, nor they shall
not delight in it. Their bows shall alsodash the young
men to pieces; and they shall have no pity on the
at of the womb; their eyes shall not spare chil-
ren,

And Babylon, the glory of kingdoms, the beauty of
the Chaldees’ excellency, shall beas when God over-
threw Sodom and Gomorrah. It shall never be in-
habited, neither shall it be dwelt in from generation to
generation: neither shall the Arabian pitch tent there;
neither shall the shepherds make their fold there: but
wild beasts of the desert shall lie there; and their hous-
es shall be full of doleful creatures; and owls shall
dwell there, and satyrs shall dance there. And the
wild beasts of the islands shall ery in their desolate
houses, and dragons in their pleasant palaces: and her
time is near to come, and her day shall not be prolong:
ed. For I will destroy her speedily; yea, for I will
calonpaees unto my people: but the wicked shall per-
18h. ,

For the Lord will have merey on Jacob, avid will yet
choose Israel, and set them in their own: land: and:
the strangers shall be joined with them, and they shall
cleave’ to the houseof Jacob. And the people shail’
take them, and bring them: to their’ place} yea) from’
far unto the ends of the earth: and:they shall return’
to their lands’ of promise.” And the’ house’of. Israel:
shail possess them, and the land of {he Jord shall be:
