have they been destroyed, from generation to genera>
tion, according to their iniqnities;.andnever hath any
of them been destroyed, save it were foretold them by
the prophets of the Lord. . Wherefore, it. hath been
told them concerning the destruction which should
come upon them, immediately after my father lefl Je-
rusalem; nevertheless, they hardened them hearts}
and according te my prophecy, they have been: des-
troyed, save it be those which are, carried away cap
tive into Babylon. And now this I speak because of
the spirit which is in me. And notwithstanding they
have been carried away, they shall return again, and
possess the land of Jerusalem; wherefore they shall be
restored again to the. land of their inheritance. But,
behold,. they shall bave wars, and rumors of, wars}
and when the day cometh that the. only. begotten of
the father, yea, even the Father of heaven and of
earth, shall manifest himself unto them inthe flesh,
behold, they will reject him, because of their. iniqui-
ties, and the hardness of their hearts, and the stiff
ness of their necks. Behold they will crucify him,
and after he is laid in a sepulcher for the space of
three days, he shall rise from the dead, with healing
in: his wings, and. all those. who shall. believe.on. hig
name, shall be saved in the kingdom of .God: where.
fore, my soul delighteth to prophesy concerning him,
fer I have seen his day, and my heart doth magnify
his-hely.mame., )
And-behold it shall come to pass, thatafter the Mes-
siah hath risen’ from the. dead, and hath manifested
himself unto his. people, unto.as many as will believe
on. his name, hatolt, Jerusalem shall be. destroyed
again: for wo unto them that fight against God and
the people of his church. Wherefore, the Jews shall
be scattered among all nations; yea, and also Babylon
shall be destroyed; : wherefore, the Jews shall be scat-
tered by other nations; and after.they. have been scat-
tered, and the Lord:God:hath scourged them by other
nations, for the space:of. many generations, yea,.even
down from generation to generation, until they shall
be persuaded to believe inChrist, the Son of God,
and. the atonement; whicit is! infinite for all. mankind;
and when,that,day shall.come, that they shall believe
in,.Christ, and worship. the Father.in- his: name, with
pure -hearts,.and; clean hands, and Jook not, forward
any more for another Messiah, then, at that time, the
day will.come that it must needs: be expedient. that
