that the Gentiles be convinced also, that Jesus-is the
Christ, the eternal God; and-that he manifesteth
himself unto all those who believe in him, by the pow-
er ofthe Holy Ghost; yea, unto every nation, kind-
red, tongue, and people, working mighty miracles,
signs and wonders, among the children of: men,-ac-
cording to. their faith.

But behold, I prophesy unto you concerning the
last days; concerning the days when the Lord God
shall bring these things forth unto the children of
men. - After my seed and the seed of my brethren
shall have dwindled in-unbelief, and shall have been
smitten by the Gentiles; yea, after the Lord God
shall have camped against them,round about, and
shall have laid seige against them. with a mount, and \_
raised forts against them; and after they shall have
been brought down low in the dust, even that they
are not, yet the words of the righteous shall be writ-
ten, and the prayers of the faithful shall be heard, and
all those who have dwindled in unbelief, shall not be
forgotten; for those who shall be destroyed shall
speak unto them out of the ground, and their speech
shall be low out of the dust, and their voice shall. be
as.one that hath a familiar spirit; for the Lord God
will give unto him power, that he may whisper con-
cerning them, even as if were out of the ground;.and...
their speech shall whisper out of the dust. For thus

saith the Lord God: They shall write the things
which shall be done among them, and they shall be
written and sealed up in a book, and those who have
dwindled in unbelief, shall not have them,. for they
seek to destroy the.things of God: wherefore, as those
who have been destroyed, have been destroyed speed- ~
ily; and the multitude of their terrible ones, shall -be
as chaff that passeth away. Yea,-thus saith the Lord
God: _ Jt shall be at an instant, suddenly.
And it shall come to pass, that those who have dwin-
, dled in unbelief, shall be smitten by the hand of the 
Gentiles. And the Gentiles are lifted: up in.the pride
of their eyes, and have stumbled, because of the great-
ness of their stumbling block,’ that they have built up
many churches; nevertheless they put down the pow-
er and the miracles of God,.and preach up unto them-
selves, their own wisdom, and their own learning,
that they may get gain, and grind upon the face of
the peor; and Ses ate many churches built:up which
eause envyings, and :strifes, and- malice; and there
