for whoso doeth them, shall perish; for none,of these .

iniquities.eome of the Lord; for he doeth that which
is good among the children of men; and he doeth no-
thing save it be plain unto the children: of Ynen;- and
he inviteth them all to come unto him, and-partake of
his goodness; and he denieth none’ that come unto
him, black and white, bond and free, male and female;
and he remembereth the heathen, and all dre.alike un-
to God, both Jew and Gentile. But, behold, in the
last days, or in the days of the Gentiles;. yea, .behold
all the nations of the Gentiles, and also the Jews,;
both these, who shall come upon this land, and. those
who shall be upon other lands;, yea, eyen upon all
the lands of the earth; behold, they will be drunken

with iniquity, and all manner of abominations; and.:-

when that day shall come, they shall. be visited of the
Lord of Hosts, with thunder and with earthquake,

and with a great noise, and-with storm and with tem 

pest, and with the flame of devouring fire; and all the
nations taat fight against Zion, and that distress-her,

shall be as a dream ofa night vision; yea, it shall be’

unto them, even as unto a hungry. man, which-dream-

eth, and beheld he eatheth; but. he awaketh.and ~his:,

soul is empty; or like unto-a thirsty: man, which
dreameth, and-behold he drinketh, but he awaketh,
and behold he is faint, and his soul-hath appetite: yea,
even so shall the multitude of all.the.nations,.be that

fight against mount Zion: for behold, all ye that do

iniquity, stay yourselves and wonder, for ye shall ery
out, andecry, yea; ye-shall. be drunken, but not-with
wine; ye shall stagger, but not. with, strong drink:
for behold, the Lord hath poured. out-upon you, the
spirit of deep sleep. For behold, -ye have closed. your
eyes, and ye have ryejected-the prophets, and. your ru-
lers, and the seers hath he covered because of your
iniquity. ;

And it shall’ come to pass, that the Lord God shall .

bring forth unto. you, the-words of a book, and: they
shall be the words of them which have slumbered..
And behold the beok shall be sealed: and in the book
shall be a revelation from God,. from the: beginning:of
the world;- to the ending thereof... Wherefore... be-
cause of the.things which are sealed up,,. the things
which are sealed, shall not be'delivered..in the day, of
the wickedness and. abominations. of .the..people..
Wherefore the. book :shall-be: kept from; them... But
the book shall be.delivered..unto’a man, and he. shall,
