Jearned shall not read them,. for they have rejected
them, and Tam able to do mine own work; where-
fore, thou shalt read the words which'l shall give un-
to thee. Touch not the things which are sealed, for
I will bring them forth in mine own due time: for I
will shew unto the children of men, that I am able to
do mine own work. Wherefore, when thou hast read
the words which [ have commanded thee, and obtain-
ed the.witnesses which.I have promised unto thee,
then shalt thou seal up the book again, and hide it up
unto me, that [ may preserve the words which thou
hast not read, until I shall see fit in mine own wis-
dom, to reveal: all things unto thechildren of men.
For behold, lam God; and 1 ain a God of' miracles;
and I will shew unto the world that I am the same
yesterday, to-day, and forever; and I work not among
the children of men, save it be according to their faith.

And again it shall come to pass, that the Lord shall
say unto him that shall read the words that shall be
delivered him, forasmuch as this people draw near
unto me with their mouth, and with their lips do hon-
_ orme, but have removed. their hearts far from me,
and their fear towards me is taught by the precepts of
men, therefore, I will proceed to:do a marvellous work
among this people; yea, a marvellous work, and a
wonder: for the wisdom of their wise and learned
shall perish, and the understanding of their prudent
shall be hid. And wo unto. them that seek deep to
hide their counsel from the. Lord. And their works
are inythe dark; and they say, who seeth us; and
who knoweth us? And they also say, surely, your
turning of things upside down, shall be esteemed as
the potter’s clay. . But behold, I will shew unto them,
saith the Lord of hosts, that I know all their works.
For shall the work say of him that made it, he made
me not? Orshall the thing: framed say of him that
framed it, he had no understanding? But behold,
saith the Lord of hosts, I will shew unto the children
of men, that it is not yet a very little while, and Leb-
anon shall be turned into a fruitful field; and the fruit-
ful field shall be esteemed asa forest. And in that
day shall the deaf’ hear the words of the book; . and
the eyes of the blind shall see out of obscurity and out
of darkness; and the meek also shall increase, :and
their Joy shall be inthe: Lord; and the: poor among
men shall rejoice in'the Holy’One of Israel. For as-
suredly as the Lord liveth, they shall see that the ter-
