rible one is brought to.nought, and the scorner is con-
sumed, and all that watch for iniquity are cut. off;
and they that make a man an offender for a word, and
lay a snare for him that reproveth in the: gate, and
turn aside the just fora thing of nought. Lherefore
thus saith the Lord, who redeemed Abraham, con-
cerning the house of Jacob, Jacob shall not now be
ashamed, neither shall his face now wax pale. But
when he seeth his children, the work of my hands, in
the midst of: him, they shall sanctify my name, and
sanctify the Holy One of Jacob, and shall: fear the
God of Israel They also that erred in spirit- shall
ecme to understanding, and they that murmured shall
learn doctrine.

a

CHAPTER XII.

Anp now, behold, my brethren, I have spoken unto
you according as, the -spirit hath constrained me;
wherefore,  know that they must surely come to pass.
The things which shall be written out of the book
shall be of great worth unto the children of men, and
especially unto our seed, which is a remnant of’ the
house of Israel, or it shall come to pass in that
day, that the churches which are built up, and not
unto the Lord, when the-one shall say unto the other,
Behold, I, I am the Lord’s; and the other shall say,
I, lam the Lord’s. And thus: shall. every one say,
that hath built up churches, and not unto the Lord;
and they shall contend one with another; and their
priests shall contend one with another; andthey shali
teach with their learning, and deny the Holy Ghost,
which giveth utterance. And they deny the power of
God, the Holy Qne ef Israel; and they say unto the
people, hearken unto us, and hear ye our precept:
for behold, there is no God to-day, for the Lord and
the Redeemer hath done his work, and he hath given
his power unto men... Behold, hearken ye unto my
precept: if they shall say there isa miracle wrought)
by the hand of the Lord, believe it not; for this day
he is not.a God of miracles; he hath done his work
Yea, and there shall. be many.,whieh shall say,.eat)

2
