the earth; and great must be the fall thereof; for the
kingdom of the devil must shake, and they which
belong to it must needs be stirred up unto repentance,
or the devil will grasp them with his everlasting
chains, and they be stirred up to anger and perish;
for behold, at that day shall he rage in the hearts of
the children of men, and stir them up to anger against
that which is good; and others will he pacify, and lull
them away into carnal security, that they will say,
all is well in Zion; yea,Zion prospereth,. all is well;
and thus the devil cheateth their souls, and leadeth
them away carefully down. to hell. And behold, oth-
ers he flattereth away, and telleth them there isno
hell; and he saith unto them, I am no devil, for there
isnone: and thus he whispereth in their ears, until
ho grasps them with his awful chains, from whence
there is no deliverance. Yea, they are grasped with
death and hell; and death, and hell, and the devil,
and all that have been seized therewith, must stand
before the throne of God, and be judged according to
their works, from whence they must go into the place
prepared for them, even a lake of fire and brimstone,
which is endless torment. Therefore, wo be unto him
that is at ease in Zion. W'o be unto him that erieth,
allis well; yea, wo be unto him that hearkeneth unto
the precepts of men, and denieth the power of God
and the gift’of the Holy Ghost. Yea, wo be unto
him that saith, we have received, and -we need no
more. And in fine, wo unto. all those who tremble,
and are angry because of the truth of God, For be
hold, he that is built upon the rock, receiveth it with
gladness; and he that.is built upon a sandy founda-
tion, trembleth, lest he shall fall.

Wo be unto him that shall say, we have received
the word of God, and we need no more of the word of
God, for we have enough. For behold, thus saith the
Lord God: I will give unto the children of men line
upon line, precept upen precept, here a little and there
a little; and blessed are those who hearken unto my
precepts, and lend an ear unto my counsel, for they shall
learn wisdom: for unte him that receiveth, I will give
more: and from them that shall say, we have enough,
from them shall. be taken away even that which they
have. Cursed is he that putteth his trust in-man, oF
maketh flesh his arm, or shall hearken unte the pre-
cepts of men, save their precepts shall be given by the
power of the Holy Ghost. +
