Wo be unto the Gentiles, raith the Lord God of
host; for notwithstanding I shail lengthen out mine
arm unto them from day to day, they will deny me;
nevertheless, I will be merciful unto them, saith the
Lord God, if they will repent and come unto me: for
mine arm is lengthened out all the day long, saith the:
Lord God of hosts.

But behold, there shall be many at that day, when
I shall proceed to do a marvellous work among them,
that I may remember my covenants which I have
made unto the children of men, that I may set my.
hand again the second time to recover my people,
which are of the house of Israel; and also, that I may
remember the promises which I have made unto thee,
Nephi, and also unto thy father, that  would remem-
ber your seed; and that the words of your seed should
proceed forth out of my mouth unto your seed. And
my words shall hiss forth unto the ends of the earth,
for a standard unto my people, which are of the house
of Israel. And because my words shall hiss forth,
many of the Gentiles shall say, a bible, a bible, we
have got a bible, and there cannot be any more bible.
But thas saith the Lord God: O fools, they shall
have a bible; and it shall proceed forth from the Jews,
imine ancient covenant people. And what thank
they the Jews for the bible which they receive from
them? Yea, what do the Gentiles mean? Do they
remember the travels, and the labors, amd the pains of
the Jews, and their diligence unto me, in bringing
forth salvation unto the Gentiles?

O ye Gentiles, have ye remembered the Jews, mine
ancient covenant people? nay; but ye have cursed
them, and have hated them, and have not sought to
recover them. But behold, I will return all these
things upon your own heads: for I the Lord, hath not
forgotten my people. Thou fool, that shall say, a bi-
ble, we have got a bible, and we need no more bible,
Have ye obtained a bible, save it were by the Jews?
Know ye not that there are-more nations than one?
Know ye not that I the Lord your God, have created
all men, and that I remember those who are upon the
isles of the sea; and that I rule in the heavens.above,
and in the earth beneath; and I bring forth my word
unto the children of men, yea, even upon all the na-
lions of the earth? Wherefore murmur ye, because
that ye shall receive more of my word? Know ye not
that the testimony of two nations ig a witness unto
