you that am God, that I remember one nation like
unto another?) Wherefore, I speak the same words
unto one nation like unto another. And when the
two nations shall run together, the testimony of the
two nations shail run together also... And I do this
that I may prove unto many, that-I am the same yes-
terday, to-day, and forever; and that I speak forth
my words according to mine own pleasure. And be-
cause that I have spoken one word, ye need not sup-
pose that I cannot speak another; for my work is not
yet finished; neither shall it be, until the end of man;
neither irom that time henceforth and forever.

Wherefore, because that ye havea bible, ye need
not suppose that it contains all my words; neither
need ye suppose that I have not caused more to be
written: for [ command all men, both in the east, and
in the west, and in the north, and in the south, and in
the islands of the sea, that they shall write the words
which I speak unto them: for out of the books which
shal] be written, I will judge the world, every man ac-
cording to their works, according to that which is
written. For behold, 1 shall speak unto the Jews,
and they shall write it; and I shall also speak unto
the Nephites, and they shall write it; And I shall al-
so speak unto the other tribes of the house of Israel,
which I have led away, and they shall write it; andI
shall also speak unto all nations of the earth, and they
shall write it.

And it shall come to pass that the Jews shall have
the words of the Nephites, and the Nephites shall have
the words of the Jews; and the Nephites and the Jews
shall have the words of the lost tribes of Israel; and
the lost tribes of Israel shall have the words of the
Nephites and the Jews.

And it shall come to pass that my people which are
of the House of Israel, shall be gathered home unto
the lands of their possessions; and my word also shall
be gathered in one. And I will shew unto them that
fight against my word and against my people, who are of
the house of Israel, that lam God, and that I covenant-
edwith Abraham that I would remember his seed forever.

And now, behold, my beloved brethren, I would
speak unto you: for [, Nephi, would not suffer that
ye should suppose that ye are more righteous than
the Gentiles shall be. For behold, except ye shall
keep the commandments of God ye shall all likewise
perish; and because of the words which have been
