eousness, O then, how. much more need have we, be-
ing unholy, to be baptizeu, yea, even by water. And
now, [ would ask of you, my beloved brethren, where-
in the Lamb of God did fulfil all righteousness in be-
ing baptized by water? Know ye not that he was
holy? But notwithstanding he being holy, he show-
eth unto the children of men, that according to the
flesh, he humbleth himself before the Father, and wit-
nesseth unto the Father that he would be obedient
unto him in keeping his commandments; wherefore,
after he was baptized with water, the Holy Ghost de-
scended upon him in the form of a dove. And again:
It sheweth unto the children of men. the straightness
of the path, and the narrowness of the gate, by which
they should enter, he having set the example before
them. And _ he said unto the children of men, follow
thou me. Wherefore, my. beloved brethren, can we
follow Jesus, save we shall he willing to keep the
commandments of the Father?) And the Father said,
repent ye, repent ye, and be baptized in the name of
my belovad Son. And also, the voice of the Son
came unto me saying, he that is baptized in my name,
to him will the Father give the Holy Ghost, like unto
me; wherefore, follow me, and do the things which
ye have seen me do. Wherefore, my beloved breth-
ren, I know that if ye shall follow the Son, with full
purpose of heart, acting no hypocrisy aud no decep-
tion before God, but with real intent, repenting of
your sins, witnessing unto the Father that yeare will-
ing to take Upon you the name of Christ, by baptism:
yea, by following your Lord and your Savior down
into the. water, according to his word; behold, then
shall ye receive the Holy Ghost; yea, then cometh
the baptism of fire and of the Holy Ghost; and then
can ye speak with the tongue of angels, and shout
praises unto the Holy One of Israel.

But behold, my .beloved brethren, thus came the
voice of the Son unto me, saying, after ye have re-
pented of your sins, and witnessed unto the Father
that ye are willing to keep my commandments, by the
baptism of water, and have received the baptism of
fire and of the Holy Ghost, and can speak with a new
tongue, yea, even with the tongue of angels, and af-
ter this, should deny me, it would have been better for
you, that ye had not known me.

And I heard a voice from the Father, saying, yea,
the words of my beloved, are true and faithful, He
