that endureth to the end, the same shall be sayed..
And now, my beloved brethren, I know, by this, that
unless a man shall endure to the end, in following the
example of the Son of the living God, he cannot be
saved; wherefore, do the things which I have told
you I have seen, that your Lord and your Redeemer
should do: for, for this cause have they been shown
unto me, that ye might know the gate by which ye
should enter. For the gate by which ye should enter,
is repentance, and baptism by water; and then com-
eth a remission of your sins by fire, and by the Holy
Ghost. And then are ye in this straight and narrow
path which leads to eternal life; yea, ye have entered
in by the gate: ye have done according to the coup
mandments of the Father and the Son; and’ ye have
received the Holy Ghost, which witnesses of the Fa-
ther and the Son, unto the fulfilling of the promise
which he hath made, that if ye entered in by the way;
ye should receive.

And now, my beloved brethren, after ye have gob
ten into this straight and narrow path, I Would ask,
if all is done? Behold, I say unto you, nay; for ye
have not come thus far, save it were by the word of
Christ, with unshaken faith in him, relying wholly
upon the merits of Him who is mighty to save; where-
fore, ye must press forward with a steadfastness in
Christ, having a perfect brightness of hope, and a love
of Godand of allmen. Wherefore, if ye shall press for
ward, feasting upon the word of Christ, and endure
to the end, behold, thus saith the Father: ye shall
have eternal life.

And now, behold, my beloved brethren, this is the
way; and there is none other way nor name given un-
der heaven, whereby man can be saved in the kingdom
of God. And now, behold, this is the doctrine of
Christ, and the only and true doctrine-of the Father,
and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, which is one
God, without end. Amen.

.~<p..

_ CHAPTER XIV.

Axp now, behold, my beloved brethren, I suppose
that ye ponder somewhat in your hearts, concerning
