CHAPTER XV.

Axp now I, Nephi, cannot write all the things
which were taught among my people; neither am!
mighty in writing, like unto speaking: for whens
man speaketh by the power of the Holy Ghost, the
power of the Holy Ghost carrieth it unt the hearts of
the children of men. But beheld, there are many that
harden their hearts against the Holy Spirit, that it
hath no place in them; Wherefore, they cast many
things away which are written, and esteem them as
things of nought. But J, Nephi, have written what
have written; and esteem it as of great worth, and
especially unto my people. ForI pray. continually for
them by day, and mine eyes water my pillow by night,
because of them; and I cty unto my God in faith,
and I know that he will hear my ery; and I know
that the Lord God will conseerate my prayers, for the
giin of my people. And the,words which I. have
written in weakness, will be made strong unto them; for
it persuadeth them to do good; it maketh known unto
them of their fathers; and it speaketh of Jesus, and
persuadeth them to believe in him, and to endure to
the end, which is life eternal. And it speaketh harsh
against sin, according to the plainness of the truth;
wherefore, no man will be angry at the words which I
have written, save he shall be of the spirit of the devil.
I glory in plainness; 1 glory in truth: I glory in my
Jesus, for he hath redeemed my soul from hell. I
have charity for my people, and great faith in Christ,
that I shall meet many souls spotless at his judgment
seat. IJ have charity for the Jew: I say Jew, because
T mean them from whence I came. 1 also have chari-
ty for the Gentiles. But behold, for none of these can
1 hope, except they shall be reconciled unto Christ,
and enter into the narrow gate, and walk in the
straight path, which leads to life, and continue in the
path until the end of the day of probation.

And now, my beloved brethren, and also Jew, and
all ye ends of the earth, hearken unto these words,
and believe in Christ; and if ye believe not in these
words, believe in Christ. And if ye shall believe in
Christ, ye will believe in these words: for they are
the words of Christ, and he hath given them unto me;
and they teach all men that they should do good. And
if they are not the words of Christ, judge ye: for
Christ will shew unto you, with power and great glo-
