unto my seed, from generation to generation. And if
there were. preaching which was sacred, or revelation
which was great, or prophesying, that I should engra-
ven the heads of them upon these plates, and touch
upon them as much as it were possible, for Christ’s
sake, and for the sake of our people: -for because of
faith and great anxiety, it truly had been made mani-
fest unto us concerning our people, what things should
happen unto them. And we also had many revela-
tions, and the spirit of much prophecy; wherefore, we
knew of Christ and his kingdom, which should comie.
Wherefore, we labored diligently among our people,
that we might persuade them to come unto Christ,
and partake of the goodness of God, that they might
enter into his rest, lest by any means he should swear
in his wrath they should not enter in, as in the provo-
cation in the days of temptation, while the children of
Israel were in the wilderness. Wherefore, we would
to God that we could persuade all men not to rebel
against God, to provoke him to anger, but that all
men would believe in Christ, and view his death, and
suffer his cross and bear the shame of the world;
wherefore, I, Jacob, take it upon me to fulfil the com-
mandment of my brother Nephi.

Now Nephi began to be old, and he saw that he
must soon die; wherefore,, he annointed a man to be a
king and aruler over his people now, according to the
reigns of the kings. The people having loved Nephi
exceedingly, he having been a great protector for them,
having wielded the. sword of Laban in their defence,
and having labored in all his days for their welfare;
wherefore, the people were desirous to retain in re-
membranee his name. And whoso should reign in his
stead, were called by the people, second Nephi, third
Nephi, &c. according to the reigns of the kings; and
thus they were Called by the people, let them be of
whatever name they would.

And it came to pass that Nephi-died. Now the peo-
ple which were net Lamanites, were Nephites; never-
theless, they were called Nepliites, Jacobites, Joseph-
ites, Zoramites, Lamanites, Lemuelites, and Ishmael-
ites. But I, Jacob, shall not hereafier distinguish
them by these names, but I shall call them Lamanites
that seek {to. destroy.the people of Nephi;:and: those
who are friendly to Nephi, I shall call Nephites, or the
people of Nephi, according to the reigns of the kings.
