the Lord of the vineyard, I take away many of these
young and tender branches; and [ will graft them
whithersoever  will; and it mattereth not that if it so
be, that the root of this tree will perish, I may pre-
serve the fruit thereof unto myself; wherefore, [-will
take these young and tender branches, and I will graft
them whithersoever I will. Take thou the branches
of the wild olive tree, and graft them in, in the stead
thereof; and these which  have plucked off, I will
cast into the fire, and burn them, that they. may not
cumber the ground of my vineyard. x

And it came to pass that the servant of the Lord of
the vineyard, did according to the word of the Lord of
the vineyard, and grafted in the branches of the wild
olive tree. And the Lord of the vineyard caused that
it should be digged about, and pruned, and nourished,
saying unto his servant, it grieveth me that I should
lose this tree; wherefore, that perhaps I might. pre-
serve the roots thereof that they perish not, that I
might preserve them unto myself,  have done this
thing. Wherefore, go thy way; watch the tree, and
nourish it, according to my words. And these will I
place in the nethermost part of my vineyard, whither-
soever [ will, it mattereth not unto thee; and 1 do it,
that [ may preserve unto myself the natural branches
of the tree; and also, that I-may lay up fruit thereof,
against the season; unto myself: for it grieveth me
that I should lose this tree, and the fruit thereof.

And it came to pass that the Lord of the vineyard
went his way, and hid the natural branches of the
tame olive tree in the nethermost parts of the vine-
yard; some in one, and some in another, according to
his will and pleasure. And it came to pass. that a

long time passed away, and the Lordof the vineyard

said unto his servant, come, let us go down into the
vineyard, that we may labor in the vineyard. 

And it came to pass thatithe Lord of the vineyard,
and also the servant, went down into the vineyard to
labor. And it came-to pass that the servant said unto
his master; behold, look here; behold the tree. And
it came to pass that the Lord of the vineyard looked
anid beheld the. tree, in the which the wild olive branch-
es had been grafted; and it had sprang forth, and be-
gan to bear fruit. -And he beheld that it was good;
and the fruit thereof’ was like unto the natural fruit.
And he said unto the servant, behold, the branches’ of
the wild tree hath taken hold ofthe moisture of the
