root thereof, that the root thereof hath brought forth
much strength; and because of the much,strength of
the root thereof, the wild branches bave brought forth.
tame fruit: now, if we had not grafted in these branch-
es, the tree thereof would have perished. And now,
behold, I shall lay up much fruit, which the: tree
thereof hath brought forth; and the fruit thereof I
shall Jay up, against.the season, unto mine own self.,
And it-came to pass that the Lord of the vineyard
said unto the servant, come, let us go to the nether-
most part of the vineyard, and behold if the natural
branches of the tree.hath not brought forth much fruit
also, that I may lay up of the frnit thereof, against
the season, unto mine own, self. And it came to pass
that they went forth whither the master had hid the
natural branches of the tree, and he said unto the serv-
ant, behold these: and he beheld the first, that it bad
brought forth much fruit; and. he beheld also, that it
was good. And he said unto the servant, take of the
fruit thereof, and lay it up, against the season, that I
may preserve it'unto mine, own self: for -behold, said

he,.this long time have I nourished it, and it hath
brought forth much fruit.

r

And it came to'pass that the servant said unto his
master, how comest thou hither to plant this, tree, or
this branch of the tree? for behold, it was the poorest
spot in all the land of thy. vineyard. And the Lord of
the vineyard said unto him, counsel me not: I knew
that it.was a poor spot of ground; wherefore, I said
unto thee, T have nourished it this long time; and thou
beholdest that it hath brought forth much fruit.

And it came to-pass that the Lord of. the vineyard
said unto his servant, look hither: behold, I have
ponies another branch..of the tree also; and thou

owest that this spot of ground was poorer than the
fitst. But, behold the tree: I have nourished it this
long time, and-it hath brought forth much fruit; there-
fore, gather it; and lay it up, against the season, that
I may preserve it untomine own self. my

And it eame to pass that the Lord of the vineyard
said again unto his servant, look hither, and behold
another branch also, which I have planted: behold
that I have nourished it also, and it hath brought forth
fruit. And he said unto the servant, look hither, and
behold the last: behold, this have-I planted in a good
spot. of ground;: and. I: have nourished it this: long
time;'and only a:part of the tree .hath brought forth
