tame fruit; and the other part of the tree hath brought
forth wild fruit: behold, I have nourished this tree
like-unto the others. .

And it came to pass that the Lord of the vineyard
said unto the servant, pluck off the branches that have
not brought forih good fruit, and cast them into the
fire. But behold, the servant said unto,him, let us
prune it, and dig about it, and nourish it a little long-
er, that perhaps it may bring forth good fruit, unto
thee, that thou canst lay it up against the season..
And it came to .pass that the Lord of the vineyard,
and the servant of the Lord of the vineyard, did nour-
ish all the fruit of the vineyard. .

And it came to pass that a long time had passed
away, and the Lord of the vineyard said unto his serv-
ant, come, let us go down into the vineyard, that we
may labor again in the vineyard. For behold, the
time draweth near, and the end. soon cometh: where-
fore, I must lay up fruit, against the season, unto
mine own seli.

And it came to pass that the Lord of the yineyard,
and the servant, went dawn into the vineyard; and
they came to the tree whose natural branches had been
broken off, and the wild branches had been grafted in;
and behold, all sorts of fruit did cumber the tree.

And it came to pass that the Lord of the vineyard
did taste gf the fruit, every sort according to its num-
ber. And the Lord of the vineyard said, behold, this
long time have we nourished this tree, and I have
Jaid up unto myself against the season, much fruit.
But behold, this time it hath brought forth much fruit,
and there is none.of it whichis good. And behold,
there are all kinds of bad fruit; and it profiteth me no-
thing, notwithstanding all our labor: and now, it
gaisyet me that I should lose this tree. And the

ord of the vineyard said unto.the servant, what shall
ave do unto the tree, that J may preserve again good
fruit thereof unto mine own self? And the servant
said unto his master, .behgld, because thou didst graft
in the branches of the wild olive lree, they have nour-
ished the roots, that they are alive, and they have not
perished; wherefore, thou beholdest that they are yet

oode + F 
= And.it caine to pass that the Lord of the vineyard
said-unto his servant, the tree profiteth me nothing; ©
andthe roots thereof profiteth me nothing, so long as.’
it shall bring forth evil fruit. Nevertheless, 1 know
