preserve, to’have laid up fruit thereof, against:the sea-
son, unto mine-own self:. But behold, they have be-
come jike untothe wild olive tree; and they are of no
worth, but to be hewn down and cast into the fire:
and it grieveth meethat J should-lose them. But what
could 1 have. done more in my vineyard? Have I
slackened mine hand, that I have not nourished it?
Nay; I have nourished it, and I have digged about it,
and I have pruned it, and [ have dunged it; and I
have stretched forth mine hand almest all the day
long; and the end draweth nigh: And it grieveth me
that [ should hew down all the trees of my vineyard,
and cast them into the fire, that they should be burn-
ed. Who is it that has-corrupted my vineyard?

And it came to pass that the servant, said unto his
master, is it not the lottiness of thy vineyard? Has
not the branches thereof overcome the roots, which
are good? And’ because the branches have overcome
the roots thereof, behold, they grew faster than the
strength of the roots taking strength unto themselves.
Behoid, [ say, is not this the cause that the trees of
thy vineyard have become corrupted?

And it came to pass that the Lord of the vineyard
said unto the servant, let us go to; and hew down the
trees of the vineyard, and cast them into the fire, that
they shall not-cumber the ground of my vineyard; for
T have done all; what could I have done more for my
vineyard? But behold, the servant said unto the Lord
of the vineyard, spare it a little longer. And the
Lord: said, yea, I will spare ita little longer: for it
grieveth me that I should lose the trees of my vine-
yard. Wherefore let us take of the branches of these
which [ have planted in the nethermost parts of my
vineyard, and let us graft them into the tree from
whence they came; and let us pluck. from the tree
those branches whose fruit is most bitter, and graft in
the natural branches of the tree in the stead thereof.
And this will Ido, that the tree may not perish, that
perhaps [ may preserve unto myself the roots thereof,
for mine own-purpose. And behold, the roots of the
natural branches of the tree which  planted whither-
soever I would, are yet alive; wherefore, that I may
preserve them also;:for mine own purpose, [ will take
of the branches’ of this tree, and 1 will graft them:in
unto them, Yea, I will graft in unto them’ the
branches of their mothertree; that I may preserve: the
