roots also. unto mine own self, that when they shall
be sufficiently strong, perhaps they may bring forth
good fruit unto me, and I may yet have glory.in the
fruit of my. vineyard.

And it came to pass that they took from the natural
tree which had become wild, and grafted in unto the
natural trees, which also had become wild; and they
also took of the natural trees which had become wild,
and grafted inte their mother tree. And the Lord of
the vineyard said unto the servant, pluck not the
wild branches from the trees, save it be those which
are most. bitter; and in them ye’shall graft, according
to that. which 1 have said. And we will nourish
again the trees of the vineyard, and we will trim up
the branches thereof; and we will pluck from the trees
those branches which are ripened, that must perish,
and cast them into the fire. And this I do, that per-
haps the roots thereof may take strength, because of
their goodness; and because of the change of the
branches, that the good may overcome the evil; and
beoause that J have preserved the natural branches,
and the roots thereof; and that I have grafted in the
natural branches again, into their mother tree; and
have preserved the roots of their mother tree, that per-
haps the trees of my vineyard may bring forth again
good fruit; and that I may have joy again in the fruit
of my vineyard; and perhaps that I may rejoice ex-
ceedingly, that I have preserved the roots and the
branches of the first fruit. Wherefore, go to, and
call servants, that we may labor diligently with our
mights in the vineyard, that we may prepare the way,
that I may bring forth again the natural fruit, which
natural fruit is good, and the most precious above all
otier fruit. Wherefore, let us go to, and labor with
our mights, this last time: for behold the end draweth
nigh; and this is for the last time that I shall prune
my vineyard. Graft in the branches; begin at the
last, that they may be first, and that the first may be
last, and dig about the trees, both old and young, the
Srst and the last, and the last and. the first, that all
may be nourished once again for the last time..
Wherefore, dig. about them, and prune. them, and
dung them once more, for the last. time: for the.end
draweth nigh. And if itso be that. these. last.grafts
shall grow, and brig: forth. the natural fruit, then
shall ye. prepare the way. for: them,,that,they. may
grow; and as they begin to grow, ye shall clear away
