ard; and after that, the end soon cometh. And how
Sieased are they who have labored diligently ia his
vineyard; and how cursed are they who shall be cast
out into their ewn place! And the world shall be
burned with fire. And tow merciful is our God unto
us: for he remembereth the house of Israel, both roots
and branches;.and. he stretches forth his hands unto
them, all the day long: and they are a stiffneckedy
and a gainsaying people: but as many as will not
harden their. hearts, shall be saved in the kingdom of
God. Wherefore, my beloved brethren, 1 beseech of
you in werds of soberness, that ye would repent, and
come’ with full purpose of heart, and cleave unto God
as he cleaveth unto you, And while his arm of merey
is extended towards you in the light of the'day, hard-
en'not your hearts. .Yea, to-day if ye will hear his
voice, harden not your hearts: for why will yedie? For
behold, alter ye have been nourished by the good.word
of God all the day long, will ye bring forth evil fruit,
that ye must be hewn down and cast into the fire?
Behold, will ye reject these words? Will ye: reject
the words. of the prophets? and will ye reject all the
words which have been spoken concerning Christ, af-
ter. so many have spoken concerning’ him? and deny
the good word of Christ, and the power of God, and
the gift of the. Holy Ghost, and quench the Holy
Spirit? and make a mock of the great plan of redemp-
tion, which bath been laid for you? Know ye not
that if ye will do these things, that. the power of the
redemption and. the resurrection which is in Christ,
will bring you.to stand with shame and awful guilt be-
fore the bar of God? And according to the power of
justice, for justice cannot be denied, ye must go away
into that lake of fire and brimstone, whose flames are
unquenchable, and whose smoke ascendeth up forever
and ever, which lake of fire and brimstone, is endless
torment.. O then, my beloved: brethren, repent ye,
and enter in at the straight gate, and continue in the
way which is narrow, until ye shall obtain-eternal life.
O be wise: what can I say more? Finally, 1 bid you
farewell, until I shall meet you before the pleasing bar
of God, which bar striketh the wicked: with awful
dread and:fear.  Arwen. .
