And it came to pass that the people of Nephi did till
the land, and raise all manner of grain, and of fruit,
and flocks of herds, and flocks of all manner of cattle;
of every kind, and goats, and wild goats, and also ma-
ny horses. And there were exceeding many prophets
among us. And the people were a stiff-necked people,
hard to understand. And there was nothing save it
was exceeding harshness, preaching and prophesying
of wars, and contentions, and destructions, and con-
tinually reminding them of death, and the duration of
eternity, and the judgments and the power of Ged;
and all these things stirring them up continually, to
keep them in the fear of the'Lord. I say there-was
nothing short of these things, and exceeding great
plainness of speech, would keep them from going down
speedily to destruction. And after this manner do I
write concerning them. And I saw wars between the
Nephites and Lamanites, in the course of my days.

And it came to pass that I began to be old, and an
hundred and seventy and nine years had passed away
from the time that our father Lehi left Jerusalem..
Andas I saw that I must soon go down to my grave,
having been wrought upon by the power of God that
I must preach and prophesy unto this people, and de-
clare the word according to the truth which is in
Christ. And T have declared it, in all my days, and
have rejoiced in it, above that of the world. AndI
soon go to the place of my rest, which is with my Re-
deemer; for I know thatin him I shall rest: and I re-
joice in the day when my mortal shall put on immor-
tality, and shall stand betore him: then shall I see his
face with pleasure, and he will say unto me, come unto
me ye blessed, there is a place prepared for you in the
mansions of my Farner. Amen,

i

THE BOOK OF JAROM.
CHAPTER I,

Now behold; I. Jarom, write a few words, according
to the commandment of my father Enos, that our. gen-
ealogy maybe kept... And as’ these-plates are small,
and as these things are written for the intent of the
