benefit of our brethren, the Lamanites, wherefore, it
must needs, be that I. write a little; but L shall not
write the things of my prophesying, hor.of my revels.
tions. For what could  write more than my fathers
have written? For have not they revealed the plan of
salvation? I say unto you, yea; and this sufficeth
me.

Behold, it is expedient that much should be done
among this people, because of the hardness of their
hearts, and the deafness of their ears, and the blind-
ness of their minds, and the stiffness of their necks;
nevertheless, God is exceeding merciful unto them,
and has not as yet swept them off from the face of the
land. And there are many among us who have many
revelations: for they are not all stiffmecked, And as
many ag are not stiiiecked, and have faith, have com-
manion with the Holy Spirit, which maketh inanifest
unto the children of men, according to their faith.

And now, behold, two hundred years had passed
away, and the people of Nephi had waxed strong in
the land. They observed to keep the law of Moses,
and the Sabbath day holy unto the Lord. And they
profaned not; neither did they blaspheme, And_ the
laws of the land were exceeding strict. And. they
were scattered upon much of the face of the land; and
the Lamanites also. And they were exceeding more
numerous than were they of the Nephites; and they
loved murder, and would drink the blood of beasts.

And it came to pass that they came ;many. times
against us, the Nephites, to battle. But our kings
and our leaders were mighty men in the faith of the
Lord: and they taught the people the ways of the
Lord;. wherefore, we withstood the Lamanites, and
swept thein away out of our lands, and began.to forti-
fy our cities, or whatsoever place of our inheritance..

nd we multiplied exceedingly, and spread upon the
face of the land, and became exceeding rich in gold,
and in silver, and in precious things, and in fine work-
manship of wood, in buildings, and in machinery, and
also in iron, and copper, and brass, and:steel, making
all manner of tools of every kind to till the ground,
and weapons of war; yea, the sharp pointed arrow,
and the quiver, and the dart, and the javelin, and all
preparations for war;and thus being prepared to. meet
the Lamanites, they did not prosper against us. . But
the word of the Lord .was,verified, whieh,he spake ung
