utes and the commandments of the Lord, as I ought
to have done.

And it came te pass that two hundred and seventy
and six years had passed away, and we had many sea-
sons of peace; and we had many seasons of serious
war and bloodshed. Yea, and in fine, two hundred
and eighty and two years had passed away, and I had
kept these plates according to the commandments of
my fathers; and I conferred them upon my son Ama-
ron. And I make an end.

And now J], Amaron, write the things whatsoever
I write, which are few, in the book of my father. Be-
hold, it came to pass that three hundred and twenty
years had passed away, and the more wicked part of
the Nephites were destroyed: for the Lord would net
suffer, after he had led them out of the land of Jerusa-
lem, and kept and preserved them: from falling into
the hands of their enemies; yea, he would not suffer
that the words should not be verified, which he spake
unto our fathers, saying, that inasmuch as ve will not
keep ~ commandments, ye shall not prosper in the
land. Wherefore, the Lord did visit them in great
judgment; nevertheless, he did spare the righteous,
that they should not perish, but did deliver them out
of the hands of their enemies. And it came to pass
that I did deliver the plates unto my brother Chemish.

Now I, Chemish, write what few things I write, in
the same book with my brother: for behold, I saw the
last which he wrote, that he wrote it with his own
hand; and he wrote it in the day that he delivered
them unto me. And after this manner we keep the
records, for it is according to the commandments of
our fathers. And I make an end.

Behold, I, Abinadom, am the son of Chemish. Be-
hold, it came to pass that F saw:much war and con-
tention between my people, the Nephites, and the La-
manites; and I, with mine own sword, have taken the
lives of many of the Lamanites, in the defence of my
brethren. And behold, the record of this people is en-
graven upon plates which is had by the kings, accord-
ing.to the generations; and I know of no revelation,
save that which has been written, neither prophecy;
wherefore, that which is sufficient, is written. And!
make an end.

Behold, 1am Amaleki,; the son of Abinadom:  Be-
hold, I will speak unto: you'somewhat conceming Mo-
siah, who was made king over the land of Zarahemls:
