And they gave an aecount of one Coriantumr, and
the slain of his people. And Coriantumr was discoy-
ered by the people of Zarahemla; and he dwelt with
them for the space of nine moons. It also spakea
few words’ concerning his fatsers. And his first pa-
rents. came out from the lower, at the time the Lord
confounded the language of the people; and.the sever.
ity of the Lord fell upon them, according to his judg-
ments, which are just; and their bones lay scattered
in' the land northward.

Behold, 1, Amaleki, was born in the days of Mosiah;
and I have lived to see his death; and Benjamin, hig
son, reigneth in his stead. And behold, [ have seen
in the days of king Benjamin, a serious war, and much
bloodshed, between the Nephites and the Lamanites,
But behold, the Nephites did obtain much advantage
over them; yea, insomuch that king Benjamin did
drive them out of the land of Zarahemla.

And it came to pass that I began to he old; and,
having no seed, and knowing king Benjamin to bea
just man before the Lerd, wherefore,  shall celiver
up these plates unto hint, exhorting all men to come
unto God, the Holy One ofIsrael, and believe in proph-
esying, and in revelations, and in the ministering of
ang sls, and in the giftof speaking with tongues, and
in the gift of interpreting languages, and in all things
which are good: for there is nothing which is good,
save it comes from the Lord; and that which is evil,
cometh from the devil.

And now, my beloved brethren, IT would that ye
should come unto Christ, who is the Holy One of Is-
rael, and partake of his salvation, and the power of
his redemption, Yea, come unto him, and offer your
whole souls.as an offering unto him, and continue in
fasting and’ praying, and endure to the end; and as
the Lord liveth, ye will be saved. .

And now, I would speak somewhat concerning @
certain number who went up into the wilderness, to
return to the land of Nephi: for there was a large
number who were desirous to possess the land of their
inheritance; wherefore, they went up into the wilder-
ness. Alnd their leader-being a strong and a mighty
man, anda stiffnecked man, wherefore he caused &
contention among them; dnd they were all slain, save
fifty, in the wilderness, and they returned again to
the land of Zarahemla. . ap
