But behold, I shall take these plates, which contain
these prophesyings.and revelations, and put them with
the remainder of my record, for they are: choice unto
me; and I know they will be choice unto my brethren,
And I do-this for a wise. purposes; for thus it whisper.
eth me; according to the workings of the spirit of the
Lord which isin me. And now, I do riot know all
things; but the Lord knoweth all things which are to
come; wherefore, he work2th in me to do according
to his will. And my prayer.to God, is concerning my
brethren, that they may once again come to the knowl.
edge of God; yea, the redemption of Christ; that they
may once again-be a delightsome people.

nd now [, Mormon, proceed to finish out my ree.
ord, which I take from the plates of Nephi; and I
make it according to the knowledge and the under.
standing which God has given me. Wherefore,. it
came to pass that after Amaleki had delivered up these
plates into the hands of king Benjamin, he took them
and put them with the other plates, which contained
records. which. had been- handed down by the kings,
from generation to generation, until the days of king
Benjamin; and. they were handed down from king
Benjamin, from generation to generation, until they
have fallen into my hands. And I, Mormon, pray to
God that they may be preserved, from this. time hence-
forth. AndI know that. they will be preserved: for
there are great things written upon them, out of which
my people and their brethren, shall be judged at the
great and last day, according to,the word of God which
is written. ;

And now, concerning this king Benjamin: He had
somewhat contentions among his own people, And
it came to pass also, that the armies of the Lamanites
came down out of the land of Nephi, to battle against
his people. But behold, king Benjamin gathered to-
pater bis armies, and he did:stand against them;, and

e did fight with the strength of his own arm, with
the ta of Laban; and in the strength of.the Lord
they did-contend against their enemies, until they had
slain many. thousands of the Lamanites, And it came
to-pags: that. they .did contend against. the Lamanites,
until they-had driven them out of all the lands of their
inheritance.  ;

And it came to pass:that after there had been false
christs, and their mouths had beenshut, and they pun-
ished according to their crimes; and after there had
