the-commandments. ofthe Lord.. And I give:.anto
them a name, that never shall be blotted out, except it
be through. .transgression.- Yea, and moreover I say
unto you, that-if this highly. favored people of the
Lord should fallinto transgression, and:become'a wick-
ed and:an adulterous people, that the Lord will deliv-
er them up, that thereby: they become weak, like unto
their brethren; and he will no. more preserve ,them,
by his matchless .and marvelous, power; as. lie. has
hitherto... preserved our. fathers: For say unto you,
that.if he had not extended his arm inthe preservation
of our fathers, they must havefallen into, the -hands of
the Lamanites, and become victimsto their hatred. :

And it came to pass that after king Benjamin had
made an end of these’sayings to his son, that he gave
him: charge’ concerning all the affairs:of the kingdom.
And moreover, he also. gave him charge concerning
the records which were engraven on the -plates of
brass;-and also, the plates-of Nephi; and also, the
sword .of Laban, and:the ball. or direetor, which. led
our fathers through the wilderness, which was prepar-
ed by the hand of the Lord, that. thereby they might
be led, every one according to the heed and diligence
which.they gave unto him. Therefore, as they were
unfaithful, they did not prosper nor progress in their
journey,- but were driven back, and incurred the dis-
pleasure of God upon them; and therefore, they were
smitten with famine and sore afflictions; to stir them
up in remembrance of their duty.

And now, it,came to:pass that Mosiah went and did
as his father had commanded him, and proclaimed un-
to all the people who were in the land of Zerahem.
la, that thereby they might gather themselyes togeth-
er, to go up to.the temple, to hear the words which
his father should speak unto them.’ ; tay Mai

And it came to pass that after Mosiah had. done as
his father had commanded him, and had made a proe-
lamation throughout all the land,. that the people
gathered themselves together. throughout all :the' land)
that they might go up to the temple to hear the words
which king Besscatis should speakunto them. . And
there were a great number, even so many that they
did not number them; for they had multiplied exceeds
ingly, and waxed great.in the land:. And: they also
took of the firstlings of their flocks, that they. might
offer: sacrifice’ and . burnt: offerings, according to \the
law of Moses; and also, that they might give thanks
