to the Lord their. God, who had brought. them out-of
the land of Jerusalem,.and who had delivered them
out of the hands of their enemies, and. had appointed
just men to be their teachers; and also, a just man to
their king, who had established peace in the land
of Zerahemla, and who had taught them to keep the
commandments of God, that they might rejoice, and
be filled with love towards God, and all men. -
And it came to pass that when they came up to the
temple, they pitched their tents round about, every
man according to'his family, consisting of his wife,
and his sons, and his daughters, and their sons, and
their daughters, from the eldest down to the youngest,
every family being separate, one from another; and
they pitched their tents round about the temple, every
man.having his tent with the door thereof towards the
temple, that thereby they might remain in their tents,
and hear the words which king Benjamin should speak
unto. them; for. the multitude being so great, . that
king Benjamin could not teach them all within the
walls of the temple; therefore he caused a tower to
be erected, that thereby his people might hear the
words which he should speak unto them.
And it came to pass that he began to speak to his
people from the tower; and they could. not all hear
his words, because of the greatness of the multitude;
therefore, he caused that the words which he spake,
should be: written’ and sent forth among those that
were not under the sound of his voice, that they might
also receive his words. And:these are the . words
which he spake and caused.to be written, saying: My
brethren, all ye that have assembled yourselves to-
gether; you that an hear my words which [ shall
speak unto you this day: fort have not commanded
To to come up hither to trifle with the ' words which
shall speak, but that you should: hearken unto me,
and open your ears that ye may hear, and your hearts
that ye may understand, and your minds that the
mysteries of God.may be unfolded to your view. 1
have not commanded you to come up hither, that ye
should fear me, or that ye should think that J, of my-
self, am more than amortal- man; but Jam like’as
yourselves, subject te all manner of infirmities in body
and mind; yet, as I have been chosen by. this: people;-
and consecrated by my father, and was suffered by the
hand of the: Lord: that I-should bea ruler; dnd: ming
ever thie people} and have been’ kept and: preserved:
