unto you, that merey hath no claim on that man;
therefore, his final doom is to endure a never ending
torment.

O all ye old men, and also ye young men, and you
little children, who ean. understand my words, (for I
have spoken plain unto you, that ye might understand, )
I pray that ye should awake to a remembrance of the
awful situation of those that have fallen into trans-
gression; and moreover, I would desire that ye should
consider on the blessed and happy state of these that
keep the commandments of God. For behold, they
are blessed in all things, both temporal and spiritual;
and if they hold out faithful to the end, they are re-
ceived into heaven, that thereby they may dwell with
God in a state of never ending happiness. O remem.
ber, remember that these things are true; for the Lord
God hath spoken it,

And again my brethren, [would call your attention,
for  have somewhat more to speak unto you: for be-
hold, [ have things to:tell you, concerning that which
is to come; and the things which 1 shall tell you, are
made known unto me, by an angel from God. And
he said unto me, awake; and I awoke, and behold, he
stood before me. And he said unto me, awake, and
hear the words which I shall tell thee: for behold, 1
am come to declare unto you the glad tidings of great
joy. For the Lord bath heard thy prayers, and hath
judged of thy righteousness, ond hath sent me.tode
clare unto thee that thou mayest rejoice; and that
thou mayest declare unto thy peopie, that they may
also be filled with joy. For behold, the time cometh,
and is not far distant, that with power, the Lord Ou-
nipotent who reigneth, who was, and is from alleter-
nity to all eternity, shall come down from heaven,
among the children of men, and shull dwell in a tab-
ernacle of clay, and shall go forth amongst men,
working mighty miracles, such as healing the sick,
raising the dead, causing the lame to walk, the blind
to receive their sight, and the deaf to hear, and curing
all manner of diseases; and he shall cast out devils,
or the evil spirits which dwell in the bearts of the
children of men. And lo, he shall suffer temptations,
and pain of body, hunger, thirst, and fatigue, even
more than man can suffer, except it be unto death:
for behold, blood cometh from every pore, so great
shall be his anguish for the wickedness and the abom-
inations of his people. And he shall be called Jesus
