Christ, the Son of God, the Father of heaven and
earth, the creator of all things, from the beginning;
and his mother shall be called Mary. And lo, he
cometh unto his own, that salvation might come unto
the children of men, even through faith on his name;
and even after al! this, they shalt consider him a man,
and say that he bath a devil, and shall scourge him,
and shall crucify him. And he shall rise the third
day from the dead; and behold, he standeth to judge
the world. And behold, all these things are done, that
a righteous judgment might come upon the children of
men. For behold, and also his blood atoneth for the
sins of those who have fallen by the transgression of
Adam, who have died, not knowing the will of God
concerning them, or who have ignorantly sinned. But
wo, wo unto him who knoweth that he -rebelleth
against God: for salvation cometh to none such, ex-
cept it be through repentance and faith on the Lord
Jesus Christ. And the Lord God hath sent his holy
prophets among all the children of men, to.declare
these things to every kindred, nation, and tongue, that
thereby whosoever should believe that Christ should
come, the same might receive remission of their sins,
and rejoice with exceeding great joy, even as though
he had already come among them. Yet the Lord God
saw that his people were a’stiffnecked people, and he
appointed unto them a law, even the law of Moses.
And many signs, and wonders, and types, and shad-
ows shewed he unto them, concerning his coming;
and also holy prophets spake unto them concerning
his coming: and yet they hardened their hearts, and
understood not that the law of Moses availeth no-
thing, except it were through the atonement of his
blood; and even if it were possible that little children
eould sin, they could not be saved; but I say unto
you, they are blessed; for behold, asin Adam, or b

nature they fall, even so the blood of Christ atoneth
for their sins. And moreover, I say unto you, that
there shall be no other name given, nor any other
wey nor means whereby salvation can come unto.the
children of men, only in and through the name of
Christ, the Lord Onmipotent. For behold, he judg-
eth, and his judgment is just, and the infant perisheth
not, that dieth in his infancy; but men drink damna-
tion to their own souls, except they humble them-
selves, and become as little children, and believe that
salvation was, and is, and is to come, in and through
