self his misery, therefore, I will stay my hand, and
will not give unto him of my food, nor impart unto
him of my substance, thathe may not suffer, for his
punishments are just. But'l say unto you, O man,
whosoever doeth this, the same hath great cause to
repent; and except he repenteth of that which he
hath done, he perisheth forever, and hath no interest
in the kingdom of God. For behold, are we not all
beggars? Do we not all depend upon the same being,
even God, for all the substance which we have; for
both. food, and raiment, and for gold, and for silver,
and for all the riches which we have of every kind?
And behold, even at this time, ye have been calling
on his name, and begging for a remission of your sins.
And has he suffered that ye have begged in vain?.
Nay; he has poured out his spirit upon you, and has
caused that your hearts should be filled with joy, and
has caused that your mouths should be stopped, that
ye could not find utterance, so exceeding great was
your joy. And now, if God, who has created you, on
whom you are dependant for your lives, and for all
that ye have and are, doth grant unto you whatsoever
ye ask that is right, in faith, believing that ge shall
receive, O then, how had ye ought to impayf.of the
substance that ye have, one to another? And if ye
judge the man who putteth up his petition to’ you for
your substance, that he perish not, and condemn him,
how much more just will be your condemnation, for
withholding your substance, which doth not belong
to you, but to God, to whom also, your life belong-
eth; and yet ye put up no petition, nor repent of the
thing which thou hast done. I say unto you, wo be
unto that man, for hig substance shall perish with
him; and now, I say these things unto those who are
rich, as -pertaining lo the things of this world. And
again, I say unte the poor, ye that have not and yet
have sufficient, that ye remain from day today; I
mean all you that deny the beggar, because ye have
not; I would that ye say in your hearts, that I give
not because I have not; but if I had, I would give,
And now, if ye say this in your hearts, ye remain
guiltless, otherwise ye are condemned, and your con-
demnation is just: for ye covet that which ye have
not received.

And now, for the sake of these things which I have
spoken unto you; that is, for the sake of retaing.a re-
mission of your sins from day: to day, that ye may
