an ass which belongeth to his neighbor, and keep himt
I say unto you, nay; he will not even suffer that he
shall feed among his flocks, but will drive him away,
and cast him out. I say unto you, that even so shall
it be among you, if ye. know not the name by which
ye are called. Therefore, 1 would that ye should be
steadfast and immovable, always abounding in good
works, that Christ, the Lord God Omnipotent, may
seal you his, that you may be brought to heaven, that
yemay have everlasting salvation and eternal life,
through the wisuom, and power, .and justice, and
mercy of him, who created all things, in heaven and
in earth, who is God above all. Amen.

CHAPTER iV.

Anp now, king Benjamin thought it was expedient,
after having finished speaking to the people, that he
should take the names of all those who had entered
into a covenant with God, to keep his command-
ments. And it came to pass that there was not one
soul, except it were little children, but what bad en-
tered into the covenant, and had taken upon them the
name of Christ. And again: It came to pass that
when king Benjamin had made an end of all these
things, and had consecrated his son Mosiah, to be a
ruler and a king over his people, and had given him
all the charges concerning the kingdom, and also had
appointed priests to teach the people, that thereby
they might hear and know the commandments of God,
and to stir them up in remembrance of the oath which
they had made, he dismissed the multitude, and they
returned, every one according to their families, to
their own houses.

And Mosiah began to reign in his father’s stead.
And he began to reign in the thirtieth year of his age,
making in the whole, about four hundred and seventy-
six years from the time that Lehi left Jerusalem. And
king Benjamin lived three years, and he died. And.it
came to pass that king. Mosiah did walk in the ways
of the Lord, and did--observe. his. judgments, and. his
statutes, and did keep his commandments in all things
whatsoever he commanded him. eae
