temple, to hear the words which he should speak un-
tothem. And it came to pass that when they had
gathered themselves together, that he spake unto
them in this wise, saying, O ye, my people, lift up
your heads and be comforted: for behold, the time is
at hand, or is not far distant, when we shall no longer
be in subjection to our enemies, notwithstanding our
many stragglings, which have been in vain; yet I
trust there remaineth an effectual struggle to be made.
Therefore, lift up your heads, and rejoice, and put
your trust in God, in that God who was the God of
Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob; and also, that God
who brought the children of Israel out of the land of
Egypt, and caused that they should walk through the
Red Sea on dry ground, and. fed them with manna,
that they might not perish in the wilderness; and
many more things did he do for them. And again:
That same God has brought our fathers out of the
land of Jerusalem, and has kept and preserved his peo-
pel, even until now. And behold, it is because of our
iniquities and abominations, that has brought us into
bondage. And ye all are witnesses this day, that Zeniff,
who was made king over this people, he being over-
zealous to inherit the land of his fathers, therefore be-
ing deceived by the cunning and craftiness of king
Laman, who having entered into a treaty with king
Zeniff, and having yielded up into his hands the pos-
sessions of a part of the land, or even the city of Lehi-
Nephi, and the city of Shilom; and the land round
about; and all this he did, for the sole purpose of
bringing this people into subjection, or into bondage.
And behold, we at this time do pay tribute to the king
of the Lamanites, to the amount of one half of our
corn, and our barley, and even all our grain of every
kind, and one half of the inerease of our flocks, and
our herds; and even one half of all we have or pos-
sess, the king of the Lamanites doth exact of us, or our
lives. And now, is not this grieyous to be borne?
And is not this, our affliction great? Now behold,
how great reason have we to mourn. Yea, I say unto
you, great are the reasons which we have to mourn:
for behold, how many of our brethren have been slain,
and their blood has been spilt .in vain, and all because
of iniquity: For if this people had not fallen into
transgression, the Lord would not have suffered that
this great evil should come upon them. But behold,
they would.not hearken unto hig words; but there

&
