arose contentions among them, even so much that
they did shed blood among themselves. And a proph-
et of the Lord have they slain; yea, chosen man of
God, who told them of their wickedness and abomina-
tions, and prophesied of many things which are to
come, yea, even the coming of Christ. And because
he said unto them, that Christ was the God, the Fa.
ther of all things, and said that he should take upon
him the image of man, and it should be the image af.
ter which man was created to the beginning; or in
other words, he said that man was created after the
image of God, and that God should come down among
the children of men, aud take upon him flesh and
blood, and go forth upon the face of the earth; and
now, because ne said this, they did put him to death;
and many more things did they do, which brought
down the wrath of God uponthem. Therefore, who
wondereth that they are in bondage, and that they
are smitten with sore afflictions! For behold, the
Lord has said, I will not succor my people in the day
of their transgression; but 1 will hedge up their ways,
that they prosper not; and their doings shall be asa
stumbling block before them. And again, he saith, if
my people shall sow filthiness, they shall reap the
chaff thereof, in the whirlwind; and the effects there-
of, is: poison. And again, he saith, if my people shall
sow filthiness, they shall reap the east wind, which
bringeth immediate destruction, And now, behold,
the promise of the Lord is fulfilled; and ye are smit-
ten, and afflicted. But if ye will turn to the Lord
with full purpose of heart, and put your trust in him,
and serve him with all diligence of mind: if ye do
this, he will, according to his own will and pleasure,
deliver you out of bondage.
And it came to pass that after king Limhi had made
.an end of speaking to his people, for -he spake many
things unto them, and oaly a few of them have i writ-
ten in this book, he told his people all the things con-
cerning their brethren who were in the land of Zara-
hemla;: and he caused that Ammon should stand up
before the multitude, and rehearse unto them all that
had happened unto their brethren, from the time that
Zeniff went up out of the land, even until the time
that he himself came up out of the land. And he also
rehearsed unto them the last words which king Benja-
min had taught them, and explained them to the peo-
ple ofking Limhi, so that they might understand all
