And now I, Zeniff, after having told all these things
unto my. people concerning the Lamanites,'I did stim-
ulate them to go to battle with their might, puttin
their trust in the Lord; therefore; we did. conten
with them, face to face.. And it came to pass that we
did drive them again out, of our land; and we slew
them:-with a great slaughter, even. so many that we
did not number them. ot
And it eame to pags that we returned again to.our own
land, and my people again-began to tend their flocks,
and to till their ground. And now, I being. old, did
confer the kingdom upon one of my sons; therefore, I 

say no more, And may the Lord bless my people..
Amen. 

sulci
CHAPTER VII.

Axp now it came to pass that Zeniff conferred the
kingdom upon Noah, one of his sons;. therefore Noah
began to reign’in his stead; and he did not walk in
the ways of his father. For behold, he did not keep
the commandments of God, but he did walk after the
desires of hisown heart... And he had many wives
and concubines. And he did cause his people to com-
mit sin, anddo that which was abominable in the sight
ef the Lord. Yea, and they did commit whoredoms,
and all-manner of wickedness. . And he laid a tax of
one fifth part of all they:possessed; a fifth part of their
gold and of their silver, and a fifth part of their ziff,
and.of: their copper, and of their brass and their iron;
and a fifth part of their fatlings; and also, a fifth part
ofall their grain. And all this did he take, to support
himself, and. his wives, and his concubines, and also,
his priests, and their wives, and their concubines; thus
he had changed the: affairs of the kingdom. For he
put down.all the priests that. had been consecrated b

Is father, and consecrated new ones in their stead,
such as were lifted up in the pride of their hearts..
Yea, and thus they were supported in their laziness,
and in their idolatry, and in their-whoredoms, by. the
taxes which king. Noah had put upon his people; thus
did the: people labor exenedinglyy.to support iniquity.
Yea,.and.they .also, became. ,idolatrous,. because they
