killed them,.and drove many of their flocks out of the
land: thus the Lamanites began to destroy them, and
to.exercise their hatred upon them. !
And it came-to pass that king Noah sent his armies
against them, and they were driven back, or they
drove them back for a time; therefore, they returned
rejoicing in their spoil. And now, because of -thig
reat victory, they were lifted up in the pride of their
easter they did boast in. their own strength, saying,
that their fifty could stand against thousands of the
Lamanites; and thus they did boast, and did delight
in blood, and the shedding of the blood of their breth-
ren, and this because of the wickedness of their king
and priests. ' ;
And it came to pass that there was a man amon;
them, whose name was Abinadi; and he-went for’
among them, and began to prophesy, saying, behold,
thus saith the Lord, and thus hath he commanded me,
saying, Go forth and say unto this people, thus saith
the Lord: wo be unto this people, for I have seen their
abominations, and their wickedness, and their whore-
doms; and except they repent, I.will visit them. .in
mine anger. And except they repent, and turn to the
Lord their God, behold, I will deliver them. into the
hands of their enemies: yea,and they shall be brought
into bondage; and they shall be afflicted by. the.hand
of their enemies. And it shall come to pass that they
shall know.that Iam the Lord their God, andama

jealous God, visiting the mmiquities of my. people..

And it shall-come to pass that except this people re-
pent, and turn unto the Lord their-God, they. shall be
brought irito bondage; and -none shall’deliver them,
except it be the Lord the Almighty God.  Yea, and it
shall come to pass that when they shall cry unto me,
I will be slow to hear’ their cries; yea, and I will suf-
fer them that they be smitten by their enemies... And
except they repent in sackcloth and ashes, and cry
mightily to the Lord their God, I will not hear their
prayers, neither will I deliver them out of their afflic-
tions; and thus saith the Lord, and thus hath he-com-
manded me.
Now itcame.to pass that when. Abinadi had spoken
these. words unto them, they were wroth with-him,
and sought to, take-away his’ life;.but the Lord deliy-
ered him out of: their hands. Now when king Noah
had heard of the words: which: Abinadi had:epoken:un-
tothe people, he was also:wroth;.and:he said, who is
