yet they shall Jeave'a record behind them, and I will
preserve them for other nations which shall possess
the land; yea, even this will Ido, that I may discover
the abominations of this people to other nations. And
may things did Abinadi prophesy against this! peo-
ple.

And it came to pass thatthey were angry with him;
and they took him and carried him bound before the
king, andsaid unto the king, behold, we have brought
a man before thee who has prophesied evil concerning
thy people, and saith that God will destroy them; and
he also prophesieth evil concerning thy lite, and saith
that thy life shall be as.a garment-in a furnace of fire.
And again, he saith that thou shalt be as a.stalk, even
aga dry stalk of the field,' which is ran over by.the
beasts and trodden under foot.  And again, he saith
thou shalt be as the blossoms of a thistle, which when
itis fully ripe, if the wind bloweth, it is driven forth
upon the face of the land; and he pretendeth the Lord
hath spoken it. And he saith all this shall: come upon
thee, except thou repent; and this because of thine
iniquities. 

And now, O king, what great evil hast thou done,
or what great sins have thy people committed, that we
should be condemned of God or judged of this man?.-
And now, O king, behold, we are guiltless, and thou,
O king, hast not sinned; therefore, this man has lied
concerning you, and he has: prophesied in vain. And
behold, we are strong, we shall not.come into bond-
age, or be taken captive by our eriemies; yea, and
thou hast prospered in the land, and thou shalt also
prosper. Behold, here is the man, we deliver him in-
to thy hands; thou mayest do with him as seemeth
thee good. i 14

And it came.to pass that king Noah caused: that
Abinadi should be cast into prison; and he command.
ed that- the priests should gather themselves together,
that he might hold a council with them what heshould
do with him, And it came to pass that they said un-
to the king, bring him hither, that we may question
him: And the king: commanded that he should be
brought before them. ..And they~-began to question
him, that they might cross him, that thereby they
might have wherewith to-accnse: him; but:-he answer-
ed them boldly, and withstood: all their questions, yea,’
to'their astonishment: for hedid. withstand:them in
