all . questions, and did confound them in all-their
words.

And it came to pass that one of them said:unto him,
what meaneth the words which are written, and which
have been taught by our fathers, saying: how beauti-
ful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bring-
eth good tidings; that publisheth peace; that bringeth
good tidings of good; that publisheth salvation;. that
saith unto Zion, thy God reigneth; thy watchmen
shall lift up the voice; with the voice together shall
they sing, for they shall see eye to eye, when the Lord
shall bring again Zion. Break forth into joy; sing to-
gether fye waste places- of Jerusalem: for the Lord
hath comforted his people: he hath redeemed Jerusa-
lem. The Lord hath made bare his holy arm in the
eyes of all the nations; and all the ends of the earth
shall see the salvation of our God. And now Abinadi
said unto them, are you priests, and pretend to teach
this people, and to understand the spirit, of prophesy-
ing, and yet desire to know of me what these things
mzan? I say unto you, wo be unto you for perverting
the ways of the Lord. For if ye understand these
things, ye have not taught them; therefore, ye have
perverted the ways of the Lord. Ye have not upplied
your hearts to understanding; therefore, ye have not
been wise. Therefore, what teach ye this people?.
And they said, we teach the law of Moses. And
again, he said unto them, if ye teach the law of Moses,
why do ye not keep it? Why do ye set your Hearts
upon riches? Why do ye commit whoredoms,. and
spend your strength with harlots, yea, and cause this
people to commit sin, that the Lord has cause to send
me to prophesy against this people, yea,.even a great
evil against this people? Know ye not that I speak
the truth? Yea, yeknow that I speak the truth; and
you ought to tremble before God.

And it shall come to pass that ye. shall be smitten
for your iniquities: for ye have said :that ye teach the
law of Meses. And what know ye concerning. the
law of Moses?) Doth salvation come-by the law of
Moses? Whatsay ye? And they answered and said,
that salvation did come by the Jaw of Moses... But
now Abinadi said unto them, I-know if ye keep the
commandments of God, yeshall be saved;:-yea, if ye
Keep the commandments which the Lord delivered un-
to Moses:in the mount of Sinai, saying: I-am the Lord
thy God, who has brought thee ont of the land of
