under the earth: Andagain: thou shalt not bow down
thyself unto then, nor serve them:. for I the Lord thy.
God am a jealous God, , visiting the. iniquities . of the
fathers upon the-children, unto the. third and fourth
generations:of them that, hate me};.and shewing mer-.
cy unto thousands of them that love me, and keep my
commandments. Thou shalt not take the name of the
Lord thy God in vain: .for the Lord will not hold him
guiltless that taketh. his name in vain. Remember the
sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thow la-
bor, and do all thy work; but the seventh. cay, the
sabbath of the Lord thy God, thou shalt-not do any
work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy man-
servant, nor thy maid-servant, nor thy cattle, nor thy
stranger that is within thy gates: for in six days the
Lord made heaven and earth, and the sea and all that
in them is; wherefore the Lord blessed the sabbath
day, and hallowed it. Honor thy father and thy moth-
er, that thy days may be long upon the land which
the Lord thy God giveth thee. Thou shalt not kill..
Thou shalt not commit adultery.. Thou shalt not
steal. Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy
neighbor. Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor’s-house,
thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife, nor his man-
servant, nor his 'maid-servant, nor his ox, nor his ass,
nor any thing that is thy neighbor’s.

CHAPTER VIII.

Anp it:came to pass that after Abinadi had madean
end of these sayings, that he said-unto them,. have ye
taught this people that. they should observe to do all
these things? for to keep these commandments? I say
unto you, nay; for if ye had, the Lord would not have
caused me to come forth and to prophesy evil concern-
ing this people. And:now ye have said that salvation
cometh by the law of Moses. I say urito you that it
is expedient that ye should keep the law of Moses-as
yet; but I.say.unto you; that: the time shall) come
when it shall no more be expedient to keep-the law of
Moses. . And moreover, I say unto you, that salvation
doth not. come be: ee law alone;: and: were it not for
the atonement which God himself shall make:for the
