renof men; standing betwixt thenvand justice; having
broken the bands:of death, taken upon himself their
iniquity and their transgressions; having redeemed .
them, and satisfied the demands of justice. And now
I say unto you, who shall declare his. generation? .
Behold, I say unto’ you, that when his soul has been
made an offering for sin, he shall.see his seed. And
now what say ye? - And who shall be his seed? Be-
hold I say unto: you, that whosoever has heard the
words of the prophets, yea, all the holy prophets who
have prophesied concerning the coming of the Lord; I
say unto you, that all those who have hearkened unto
their words, and-believed that the Lord would redeem
his people, and haye.looked forward to that day fora
remission of theirsins; I say unto you, that these are
his seed, or-they are-heirs of the kingdom of God: for
these are'they whose-sins he has borne; these are they
for’ whom he has: died, to redeem them. from. their
transgressions. And now, are they not his seed?.
Yea; and are not. the prophets, every one that has
opened his'mouth to prophesy, that has not fallen in-
to transgression; I mean all the holy prophets ever
since the world began? J’say unto you. that they. are
his seed; and these are'they who have published peace,
who have brought good tidings of good, who have
published salvation; and said unto” Zion, thy God
reigneth! And O how beautiful upon the mountains
were their feet!  And'again, how beautiful upon the
mountains are the feet of those that are still publishing
peace!- And again, how beautiful upon the mountains
are the-feet of those who shall hereafter publish peace,
yea, from this time henceforth and forever!  And be-
hold, I say unto you, this is not all: For O how beau-
tiful upon the mountains are the’ feet: of him that
bringeth good tidings, that is the founder of peace;
ea, even the Lord, who-has redeemed his people; yea,
jim who hasgranted salvation unto his people: for
were it not for: the redemption. whichhe hath made
for his'people, which was prepared from the founda-
tion ofthe world; Isay unto you, were it not for this,
all mankind must: have perished.’ But behold,’ the
bands of death shallbe broken, andthe Son reigneth,
and hath power over'the dead; therefore, he bringeth
to'pass the resurrection of the dead. And there com-
eth:a resurrection, even a first resurrection; yea, even
a resurrection of those’ that have been, and who are,
and who'shall be, even until the resurrection of Christ:
