Lord; therefore the Lord redeemeth.them not, for they
are carnal and devlish, and the devil has power over
them; yea, even that old serpent that did beguile our
first parents, which was the cause of their fall; which
was the cause ofall mankind becoming carnal, sensual,
devlish, knowing evil from good, subjecting themselves
to the devil. Thus all mankind were lost; and behold,
they would have been endlessly lost, were it not that
God redeemed his people from their lost and fallen
state. But remember, that he that persists in his own
carnal nature, and goes on in the. ways. of sin-and're-
bellion against God, remaineth. in his fallen state, and
the devil, hath all power over him. . Therefore he is as
though there was no redemption made; being an ene-
my to God; and also isthe devil an enemy to God..
And now-if Christ had net come into. the world, speak-
ing of things. te come, as though they .had already
come, there could: have been. no redemption... And if
Christ had not,risen, from the dead, or have broken the
bands of death, that the grave should have no victory,
and that, death should have no sting, there could have
been .no,. resurrection.’ Bat. there. jis a,resurrection,
therefore the grave hath no victory, and the sting ot
death. is swallowed up.in Christ: Heis the light and
the life of the world; yea,.a-light that is endless, that
can never) be.darkened;: yea, and also. a life which is
endless, that there can be no more death..  Even this
mortal shall. put on immortality, and this corruption
shail put;on incorruption, and shall be.brought:to:stand
before the bar of God, to. be judged of him according
to their works, whether they. be good.or whether they
be evil... If they-be: good, to the.resurrection of end-
less life and happiness, and if they be evil, to theres
urrection of endless damnation; being delivered upto
the devil,, who hath subjected them, which.is.damna-
tion; having gone.aceording to their-own carnal wills,
and.desires; having never called. upon the Lord while
the arms of mercy were extended, towards them; for.
the arms of mercy were extended towards. them, and
they would not; they being warned of their iniquities,
and yet. they would not:depart. from them; and they
were commanded to.,repent, and yet they would. not.
repent.. And now. had ye not ought to tremble and
repent of your sins, and remember only in and through
Christ ye canbe saved? Therefore, if ye teach the
law of Moses, also. teach that itis a shadow of thowa

os
