ye'slay me, ye will'shed innocent blood, and this shall.
also stand as a testimony against you at the last day.
And now king Noah way about’ to release him, for
he feared his word; for he feared that-the judgments
of God would come upon him, But the priests lifted
up their voices-against him, and began to accuse him, -
saying: He-has reviled the king. Therefore the
king was stirred up in anger against him, and he de-
livered him up, that he might be slain.
And it came to pass that they took him, and scourg-
ed-his:skin with faggots, yea, even unto death. And
now- when the flames began to scorch him, he cried
unto:them saying: Behol , even as yehave done-unto
me, so shallit come to. pass that thy seed shall cause:
that many-shall suffer, even the pains of death, by fire;
and this:.because they believe in the salvation of the
Lord their 'God.. And it will-come to passthat ye
shall be afflicted with all manner of diseases, because of
our iniquities. Yea and ye shall be smitten on every
and, and shall be driven and scattered to and. fro; even
aga wild flock is driven by wild and ferocious beasts.
And in that day ye shall- be hunted, and ye shallbe
taken by the hand of your enemies, and then ye shall
suffer, as I suffer, the pains of death by fire. Thus God
executeth vengeance upon those that destroy his people.
O God, receive my soul. And now when Abinadi had
said these words, he fell, having suffered death by fire;
yea, having been put to death-because he would not
deny the commandments of God: having sealedthe
truth of his words by his-death. te
And: now that it came to pass that Alma, who had
fied from the servants-of king Noah, repented of his
sins and iniquities, and. went about privately among
the people, -and heyan-to teach the words of Abinadi;
yea, concerning that which was to come, andalso
concerning the resurrection of the dead, and the re-
demption of the people, which was to be brought'to
pass through the power, and sufferings, and deathof
Christ, and hisresurrection and ascension into: heaven:
And as many as would hear’ his word he did teach.
And he taught them privately, that it might not come
to. the knowledge of the king.. And many did believe
his words. And it came to pass that as many as’did
believe him, didgo forth to a place which was called
Mormon; having received its name from the king; be:
ing'in the borders of the land having been. infested; by
times, or at seasons, by wild: beasts... Now there was
