overpower him, he fled and ran and got upon the tow-
ery which was near the temple. . And Gideon pursued.
after him and was about to get upon tie tower to slay
the king, and the king cast his eyes round about to-
wards the land of Shemlon, and beliold, the army: of
the Lamanites were within the borders of the. land.
And now the king cried out in the anguish of his. soul,
saying, Gideon, spare me, for the Lamanites are upon
us, and they will destroy them; yea, they will des-
troy my people. And now the king was not so much
concerned about. his people, as he was: about his own
life; nevertheless, Gideon did spare his life. : And the
king-commanded the people that they should flee be-
fore the Lamanites, and he himself did go before thems
and they did flee into the wilderness with their wo-
men and their children. And it came to pass that
the Lamanites did. pursue them, and did overtake
them, and began to slay them.
Now .it came to pass that the king commanded
them. that all the men should leave their wives and
their children, and flee before the Lamanites. Now
there were many that would: not leave them, but had
rather stay and: perish with them. And. the rest left
their wives and their children and fled. :
And.it came to pass that. those who’ tarried. with
their wives and their children, caused that their fair
daughters should stand forth and. plead with the La-
manites, that they would not-slay them. And. it
came to pass that the Lamanites. had compassion'on
them, for they- were charmed with the beauty: of their
women; therefore the Lamanites did spare their lives,
and took them captives, and carried them back to the
land of Nephi, and granted unto them that they might
possess the land, under the conditions that they would
deliver:up king Noah into the hands of the Lamanites,
and. deliver. up their property, even. one -halfof. all
they'possessed;. one half of their gold, and_ their sil-
ver, and all their precious things; and. thus they
should pay tribute 10: the king of the Lamanites,. from
year to.year. . And now there was one of .the:sons of
the king among those that were. taken captive, whose
name-was Limhi.. And now. Limhi was.desirous that
his father should not: be destroyed; nevertheless, Lim-:
hi was not ignorant of the iniquities.of his: father; he
himself, being a just-man. pichitiiogs
And, it came-to:pass that Gideon:sent men into the
wilderness secretly, to search for the. king, and those
