that were with him. And: it came to. pass that’ they
met the people in the wilderness, all save the king and
his priests. Now they: had sworn in their hearts that
they would return to the land of Nephi, and if. their
wives and their children were-slain, and also. those
that had tarried with them, that they would seek re-
venge,. and also. perish with them. And the king
commanded them that they should not-return; and
they were angry with the king, and caused that he
should suffer, even unto death by fire. And they
were about to take the priesis also and -put them to
death, and they fled before them. .

And it came to pass that they were about to return
to the land of Nephi, and they met the men of. Gid-
eon. And the men of Gideon told them of all that
had happened to their wives and their children; and
that the Lamanites had. granted unto them that they
might possess the land, by paying a tribute to the La-
manites of one half of all they possessed. -And) the
people told the men of Gideon that they had slain the
king, and his priests had fled from them: farther into
the wilderness. And it came to pass that after they
had ended the ceremony, that they returned to the
land of Nephi, rejoicing, because their wives and their
children were not slain; and they told Gideon what
they had done to the king. i

nd it came to pass that the king of the Lamanites
made an oath unto them, that his people should not
slay them. And also Limhi, being the son of the
king, having the kingdom conferred upon him by the
people, made oath unto the king. of ithe Lamanites,
that his people should: pay tribute unto him, even one
half of all they possessed. ,

And it came to pass that Limhi began’ to establish
the kingdom, and to establish peace among his people.
And the king of the Lamanites set guards round
about the Jand, that he might-keep the people of
Linhi in the land, that they might not depart into the
wilderness; and he did support his guards out of the
tribute which he did receive from the Nephites.  And
now king Limhi did have continual peace in his king-
dora, forthe space of two years, that the Lamanites
did not molest them nor seek to destroy them.

Now there was a.place-in Shemlon, where the
daughters of the Lamanites did: gather themselves to-
gether tosing, andto' dance; and:to’ make’ themselves
merry. And it canie:to pass that. there was one day

 
