And they brought him. And Limhi said unto him,
what cause have ye to come up to war: against my
people? Behold, my people have not broken the oath
that I madeunto you; therefore, why should ye break
the oath which ye made unto my people? And now

the king said, I have broken the oath, because thy
people did carry away the daughters of my people;

therefore in my anger I did cause my people to come

up to war against thy people. Now Limhi had heard

nothing concerning this matter; therefore he said, I

will search among my people, and whosoever has

done this thing shall perish. Therefore he caused a

search to be made among his people. Now when

Gideon had heard these things, he being the king’s

eaptain, he went forth and said unto the king, J pray

thee forbear, and do not search this peopla, and lay

not this thing to their charge. For do ye not remem-

ber the priests of thy father, whom this people sought

to destroy? And are they not in the wilderness? And

are not they the ones who have stolen the daughters

of the Lamanites? And now behold,:and tell the -
king of these things, that he may tell his people, that

they may be pacitied towards us: for behold me are
already preparing to come against us; and behold al:
so, there are but few of us. And behold; they come
with their numerous hosts; and except the king doth
pacify them towards us, we must perish. - For are not
the words of Abinadi fulfilled, which he prophesied
against us? and all this because we would not heark-
en unto the word of the Lord, and turn from our in-
iquities?) And now let us pacify the king, and we
fulfil the oath which we have made unto him: for it
is better that we should be in bondage, than: that we
should lose our lives; therefore, let us put a stop to
the shedding of so much blood. And now Limhi told
the king all the things concerning his father, and the
priests that had fled into the wilderness, and attributed
the carrying away of their daughters to them.

And it came'to pass that.the king was pacified to-
wards his people; and he said) unto them,. let us go
forth to. meet my people, without arms; and’ Iswear
unto you with an oath, that my people shall not slay
thy people. And it came to pass that they followed
the king, and went forth without arms: to-meet the
Lamanites. And it came-to pass that they did meet
the Lamanites; andthe king of the Lamanites did
bow himself down before them, and did plead in be-
