half of the people of Limhi.. And when the Laman-
ites saw the people of Limhi, that they were without
arms, they: had compassion on them, and were paci-
fied towards them, and returned with their king in
peace to their own land.

And it came to pass that Limhi and_his people re-
turned to the city of Nephi, and began to dwell in the
land again in peace, And it came to pass that after
many days, the Lamanites began again to be stiired
up in anger against the Nephites; and they began to
comeinto the borders of the land round about. , Now
they durst not slay them, because of the oath which
their king had made unto Limhi; but they would smite
them on their cheeks, and exercise authority over them;
and began to put heavy burdens upon their. backs, and
drive them as they would a-dumb ass; yea, all this
was done, that the word of the Lord might be fulfilled.
And now the afflictions of the Nephites. were great;
and there was no way that they could deliver them-
selves out of their hands, for the Lamanites: had sur-
rounded them on every side.

And it came.to pass that the people: began to mur-
mur with the king, because of theirafflictions; and
they began to be desirous to goagainst them to battle.
And they did afflict the king sorely with their com-
plaints; therefore he granted unto them that they
should do according to their desires. . And they gath-
ered. themselves together again, and put on their ar-
mour, and went forth-against the _Lamanites, to drive
them out of their land. And it came to pasg that the
Lamanites did beat them, and drove them back, and
slew many,of them. And. now there was a. great
mourning and lamentation among the people of lim
hi; the widow mourning for her husband; the sonand
the daughter mourning for their father; and the broth-
ers for their brethren. Now there were a great many
widows in the land; and they did cry mightily from
day to day, for a great fear of the Lamanites had come
upon them. And it came to pass that their continual
eries did stir up.the remainder of the people of Limhi
to anger, against the Lamanites. And they. went
again to battle; but. they were driven back again, suf-
fering much loss.;. Yea, they went again, even .the
third time, and suffered in the like. manner;: and those
that were not slain, returned again to the city of Ne-
phi. . And they: did. humble: themselves: even to the
dust, subjecting themselves to the yoke of bondage, .
