to trade. one with another, and wax great, and began
to be a cunning and a wise people, as to the wisdom
of the world; yea, a very cunning people; delighting
in all manner of wickedness and plunder, except it
were among their own brethren.

And now it came to pass that Amulon began to ex-
ercise authority over Alma and his brethren, and be-
gan to. persecute him, and cause that his children
should persecute their children: for Amulon knew Al-
ina, that->he had been one of the king’s priests, and
that it. was he that believed the words of Abinadi, and
was driven out before the king; and therefore he was
wroth with him, for he was subject.to king Laman;
yet he exercised authority over. them, and put. tasks
upon them, and put task-masters over them. And it
came to pass that so great were their afflictions, that
they began to cry mightily to God. And Amulon
commanded. them that they should stop their cries;
and he put guards over them to watch them, that. who-
soeyer should be found calling upon God, should be
put to death. And Alma and his people did not raise
their voices tothe Lord their God, but did pour out
their hearts to him; and he did know the thoughts of
their hearts. :

And it came to pass that the voice of the Lord came
to them in their afflictions, saying, lift up your heads
and he of good comfort, for I, know of the covenant
which ye have made unto me; and I will covenant.
with my people, and deliver them out of bondage..
And JT willalso ease the burdens which are put-upon,
your shoulders, that even you.cannot feel. them upon
your. backs, even while you are in, bondage; and this.
will ] do, that ye may stand as witnesses for me here-.
atler, and-that ye may know of a surety that I, the
Lord: God, do visit my. people.in their afflictions. .:
And now it.came to pass that.the burdens. which, were
laid upon, Alma.and his: brethren, were made light;,
yea; the Lord did strengthen, them that, they. could,
bear up.their burdens with. ease, and. they did submit.
chessaliy and with patience to.all.the will of the,

#OLrd.: ry es f. te  {foe

And: it came to pass that-so.great was their faith and,
their patience, that the voice of stheLord) came unto
them again;) sayhig, be.of good .comfort,, for :on,,the
morrow E willdeliver-you \out:of bondage. And: he:
said unto Alma; thou abalt-po before, thie people, and:
