into the water, and didbaptize them;. yea,:he did bap-
tize them after the manner he did his brethren in the
waters of Mormon; yea, and’ as many as he. did bap-
tize did belong to the church of God; and this because
of their belief on the words of Alma.

And it came to pass that king Mosiah granted unto
Alma, that he might establish churches throughout all
the land of Zarahemla; and gave him power to ordain
priests and teachers over every church. Now this
was done because there were so many people that they
could not all be governed by one teacher; neither
could they all hear the word of God in one assembly;
therefore they did assemble themselves together in dif-
ferent bodies, being called churches; every church
having their priests and their teachers, and every
priest preaching the word according as it was deliver-
ed to him by the mouth of Alma; and thus, notwith-
standing there being many churches, they were all
one chureh; yea, even the church of God: for there
was nothing preached in all the churches except it
were repentance and faith in God. And now there
were seven churches in the land of Zarahemla. And
it came to pass that whosoever were desirous to take
upon them the name of Christ, or of God, they did
join the churches of God: and they were called. the
people of God. And the Lord did pour out his spirit
upon them, and they were blessed, and prospered in
the land.

Now it came to pass that there were many of the.
rising’ generation that could not understand the words
of king Benjamin, being Jittle children at the time he
spzke unto his people; and they did not believe the
tradition of their fathers. Phey did not believe what
had been said concerning the resurrection of the dead;
neither did they believe concerning. the coming of
Christ. ~ And now because of their unbelief, they could
not understand the word of God; and\their hearts
were hardened. And they would: not’ be baptized;
neither would they join’ the church. : And: they were
a separate people’ as to their faith, and remained so ev-
er after, even in theircarnal and-sinful state; for they
would not’ callupon the Lord: their God. And now
in the reign of Mosiah; they were-not half-so numer-
ous as the peopleof God; but because of’ the dissen-
sions among’ the’ brethren, they” became more numer:
dus. For it came to pass that they did:deceive many:
with’ their flattering words, who-were imothe charely:
