and did cause them to commit: many sins; therefore it
became expedient that those who committed sin that
were inthe church, should be admonished by the
church.

And it came to pass that they were brought before
the priests, and delivered up unto the priests by the
teachers; and the priests brought them before Alia,
who was the high priest. Now. king Mosiah had giv-
en Alma the authority over the church. And it came
to pass that Alma did not know concerning them, for
there were many witnesses against them; yea, the peo-

le stood and testified of their iniquity in abundance.
Now there had not any such thing happened before,
in the church; therefore Alma was troubled in his
spirit, and he caused that they should be brought be-
fore the king. And he said unto the king, behold,
here are many whom we have brought before thee,
who are accused of their brethren; yea, and they have
been taken-in divers iniquities, And they do not re-
pent of their iniquities; therefore we have brought
them before thee, that thou mayest judge them accor-
ding to their crimes. But king Mosiah gaid unto Al-
ma, behold, I judge them not; therefore I deliver'them
into thy hands to be judged. And now the spirit of
Alma was again troubled; and he went and inquired
of the Lord what he should do concerning this matter,
~~ ar feared that he should do wrong in the sight of

od, ;

And it came to pass that after he had poured out his
whole soul to God, the voice of the Lord came to him,
saying, blessed art thou, Alma, and blessed are they
who were’ baptized in the waters of Mormon. Thou
art blessed because of thy exceeding faith in the words
alone of my servant Abinadi. And blessed are they,
because of their exceeding faith in the words alone
which thou hast spoken unto them. And blessed art
thou because thou hast established a church among
this people; and they shall be established, and they
shall be my people, Yea, blessed is this’ people, who
are willing to bear my name: for in my name shall
they becalled;and they are’ mine. © And because thou
hast enquired of me concerning the transgressor, thou
art blessed: Thou art my servant: and I’ covenant
with thee, that thou shalt have eternal life; and-thou
ghalt serve me, and go forth in my name, and shall
gather together my sheep. . And he that will hear my

yoice, shall be my sheep; and him shall'ye'receive in-
