that Alma did regulate all the affairs of the church;
and they began again to have peace and to prosper ex-
ceedingly in the affairs of the church; walking circum-
spectly before God; receiving many, and baptizing
many. And now all these things did Alma and his
fellow-laborers do, who were over the church; ee
in all diligence; teaching the word of God in al
things; suffering all manner of afflictions; being per-
secuted by all those who did not belong to the church
of Ged. And they did admonish their brethren; and
they were also admonished, every one, by the word of
God, according to his sins, or to. the sins which he had
committed; being commanded of God to pray without
ceasing, and to give thanks in all things. And now it
came to pass that the persecutions which were inflicted
on thechurch by the unbelievers, became so great, that
the church began to murmur, and complain to their
leaders concerning the matter; and they did complain
to Alma. And Alma laid the case before their king,
Mosiah. And Mosiah consulted with his priests.

And it came to pass that king Mosiah sent a procla-
mation throughout the land. round about, that there
should not any unbeliever persecute any of those who
belonged to the church of God; and there was a strict
command throughout all the churches, that there
should be no. persecutions among them; that there
should be an equality among all men; that they should
Jet no pride nor haughtiness disturb their peace; that
every man should esteem his neighbor as himself, la-
boring with their own hands for their support; yea,
and all their priests and teachers should labor with their
own hands for their support, in all cases save it were
in sickness, or in much want: and doing these things,
they did abound in the grace of God. And there be-
gan to be much peace again in the land; and the peo-
ple began to be very numerous, and began to scatter
abroad.upon the face of the earth; yea, on the north
and on the south, on the east and on the west, build-
ing large cities and villages in all quarters of the land.
And the Lord did visit them and. prosper them, and
they became a large and a wealthy people.

ow the sons of Mosiah were numbered among the

unbelievers; and also one of the sons of Alma. was
numbered among them, he being called Alma, after
his father; nevertheless he became a very wicked and
an. idolatrous. man. And he was a, man ofmany
words, and did speak much. flattery. to. the people;
