ishment: for with their own eyes:they had beheld an
angel of the Lord; and his voice was as thunder, which
shook the earth; and they knew that there was noth-
ing save the power of God, that could shake the earth
and cause it o tremble, as though it would part
asunder. . And now the astonishment of Alma was so
great, that he became dumb, that he could not open his
meuth; yea, and he became weak,even that-he could not
move his hands: therefore he was taken by those that
were with him, and carried helpless, even until he was
laid before his father. And they rehearsed unto his father
all that had happened.unto them; and his father rejoiced,
for he knew that it was the power of God. And he caus-
ed that a multitude should be gathered together, that
they might witness what the Lord had done for his son,
and also for those that were withhim. And he caused
that the priests should assemble themselves together;
and they began to fast; and to pray to the Lord their
God, that he would open the mouth of Alma, that he
might speak; and also that his limbs might receive their
strength, that the eyes of the people might be opened to
see and know of the goodness and glory of God.

And it came to pass after they had fasted and pray-
ed for the space of two days and twovnights, the limbs
of Alma received their. strength, and he stood up and
beganto speak unto them, bidding them to be of good
comfort; for, said he, I have repented of my sins, and
have been redeemed of the Lord;: behold, I am born of
the spirit. And the Lord said unto me,:marvel not
that all mankind, yea, men, and women, all nations,
kindreds, tongues and people, must be born again; yea,,
born'of God, changed’ from their carnal and fallen
state, to'a state of righteousness, being redeemed of
God;- becoming his sons and daughters; and thus they:
become new creatures; and unless they do this, they
can’inno-wise inherit the kingdom of God. - I say un+
to'you, unless this be the case, they must be cast off:
and this I know, because I was like 10 be cast off:
Nevertheless, after. wandering through much tribula-
tion, repenting nigh unto death, the Lord in mercy
hath seen fit:to snatch me-out of an everlasting burn-
ing, and I am born of God; my soul hath been redeem-
ed from the gall of bitterness and bonds of iniquity.
I was in the darkest abyss; butnow’] behold the mar-
velous light of God. My soul waswrecked with
eternal torment; butIam snatched, and my soul ig’
pained'no mores I'rejected my Redeemer, and:denied
