with them, and returned to their father, the king, and
desired of him that he would grant unto them, that ~
they might, with these whom they had selected, go up
to the land of Nephi, that they might preach the things.
which they had heard, and that they might impart the
word of God to their brethren, the Lamanites, that
perhaps they might bring them to the knowledge of
the Lord their God, and convince them of the iniquity
of their fathers; and that perhaps they might cure
them of their hatred towards the Nephites, that they.’
might also be brought to rejoice in the Lord their God,
that they might become friendly to one another, and
that there shouldbe no more contentions in all the
land which the Lord their God had given them. Now
they were desirous that salvation should be declared
to every creature, for they could not bear that any
human soul should perish; yea, even the very thoughts
that any soul should endure endless torment, did cause
them to quake and tremble. And thus-did the spirit
of the Lord work upon them, for they were the very
vilest of sinners. - And the Lord saw fit in his infinite
mercy to spare them; nevertheless they suffered much
anguish of soul, because of their iniquities; and suf-
fering much, fearing that they should be cast off for-
ever. :

And it came to pass that they did plead with their
father many days, that they might go up to the land
of Nephi. And king Mosiah went and inquired of the
Lord, if he would let his sons go up among the La-
manites to preach the word. And the Lord said unto
Mosiah, let them go up, for many sha]l believe on their
words, and they shall have eternal life; and I will de-
liver thy sons out of the hands of the Lamanites.

And it came to pass that Mosiah granted that they
might go, and do according to their request;, and they
took their journey into the wilderness, to go up to
preach the word among the Lamanites: and I shall
ge an account of their proceedings hereafter. Now

ing Mosiah had no one to confer the kingdom upon,
for there was not any of his sons who would accept
of the kingdom; therefore he took the records which 
were i ioe on the plates. of brass, and also the’
plates of Nephi, and all the things which he had kept
and preserved, according to the commandments of
God, after having’ tenslated and caused to be written
the records which were: on the plates of gold, which
had been fouud’ bythe people of Limhi,; which were


?
