delivered to him. by the handjof Limhi: and this:he
did, because of the great anxiety of his people, for
they. were desirous beyond measure, to know con-
cerning those people who had been destroyed. And
now he translated them by the means of those two
stones which were fastened into the two rims of a bow.
Now these things were prepared from the beginning,
and were handed down from generation to generation,
for the purpose of interpreting languages; and the
have been kept and preserved by the band of the Lord,
that he should discover to every creature who should
possess the land, the iniquities and abominations of
his people: and whosoever has these things, is called
seer, after the manner of old times.

Now after Mosiah had finished translating these
records, behold, it gave an account of the people who
were destroyed, from the time that they were destroy-
ed, back to the building of the great tower, at the time
the Lord confounded the language of the people; and
they were scattered abroad upon the face of all the
earth, yea, and even from that time until the creation
of Adam. Now this account did cause the people of
Mosiah to mourn exceedingly; yea, they were filled
with sorrow: nevertheless it gave them much know-
ledge, in the which they did rejoice. And this account
shall be written hereaiter: for behold,’ it. is expedient
that all people should know the things which are writ-
ten in this account.

.jp..

 CHAPTER XU

Anp now, as I saidunto you, that after king Mosiah
had done. these’ things, he took the plates of. brass,
and all the things.which he had kept, and conferred
them upon Alma; who was the son.of Alma;- yea, all
the records, and also the interpreters, and: conferred
them upon him, and commanded him: that:he should
keep and preserve them; and also keep.a record of -the.

 people, handing them. down /front one generation: to,
 another, even asithey-had been Jianded down from the
time’ that. Lehi: deft; Jerugaleme:: Now when: Mosiah:
Jhad:done this, hesent out throughout: all the land;

among-all: the people; desiring toknow: their will-cens:

(
I
