could have men for your kings, who would do even as
my father Benjamin did for this people; I say unto you,
if this could always be the case, then it would be ex-
pedient that ye should always have kings to rule over
you. And even I, myself have labored with all the
power of faculties which I have possessed, to teach you
the commandments of God, and to establish peace
throughout the land, that there should be no wars nor
contentions, no stealing, nor plundering, nor murder-
ing, nor any manner of iniquity: and whosoever has
committed iniquity, him have I punished according to
the law which has been given to us by our fathers.
Now I say unto you, that because all men are not
just, it is net expedient that ye should have a king or
kings to rule over you. For behold, how much ini-
quity doth one wicked king cause to be committed!
ea, and what great destruction! Yea, remember
ing Noah, his wickedness and his abominations; and
also the wickedness and abominations of his people,
Behold what great destruction did come upon them;
and also because of their iniquities, they were brought
into bondage. And were it not for the interposition
of their all-wise Creator, and this because of their sin-
cere repentance, they must unavoidably remained in
bondage until now. But behold, he did deliver them
because they did humble themselves before him; and
because they cried mightily unto him, he did deliver
them out of bondage: and thus doth the Lord work
with his power in all cases among the children of men,
extending the arm of mercy towards them that put
their trust.in him. . And behold, now I say unto you,
ye cannot dethrone an iniquitous king, save it be
through much contention, and the shedding of much
blood. For behold, he has his friends in iniquity, and
he keepeth his guards about him; and he teareth up
the laws of those who have reigned in righteousness
before him: and he trampeleth under his feet the com-
mandments of God; and he enacteth laws, and send-
eth them forth among his people; yea, laws after the
manner of his own wickedness; and whosoever doth
not obey his laws, he causeth to be destroyed; and
whosoever doth rebel against him, he will send his ar-
mies against them to war, aud if he can, he will. des-
troy them: and thus an unrighteous king doth pervert
the ways of all righteousness... And now behold I say
unto you, it is not.expedient that such abominations
should come. upon you;, therefore choose you by the
