yoice of this people, judges, that..ye may be judged
according to the laws which. have been given you by
our fathers, which are correct, and which were. given
them by the hand of the Lord: Now it is not com-
mon. that the voice of the. people desireth any thing
contrary to that which is mght; but itis cowmon for
the lesser part of the people to desire that which is
not right; therefore this shall ye observe, and, make
it your law to do your business by the voice of the
people. And if the time comes that the voice of the
people doth choose iniquity, then is the time that the
judgments of God will come upon you; yea, then is
the time he will visit you with great destruction, even
as he-has hitherto visited this land. Atd now if ye
have. judges, and they do not judge you according to
the law which has been given, ye can-cause that they
may be judged of a. higher judge; if-your higher judg-
es do not judge righteous judgments, ye shall cause
that a smail number of your lower judges should. be
gathered together, and they. shall judge your higher
judges, accordiny to the voice of the people. And I
command you to do these things in the fear of the
Lord; and I command you to do these things, and
that ye have no king: that if these people commit sins
and iniquities, they shal] be answered upon their own -
heads. For behold I say unto you, the sins of many
people have been. caused. by the iniquities of their
kings; therefore their iniquities are answered upon
the heads of their kings. And now I desire that thig
inequality should.be no more in this land,. especially
among this my people; but I desire that this land be a:
Jand of liberty, and every man may enjoy his rights.
and privileges alike, so long as the Lord sees fit, that”
we may live and inherit the land; yea, even as Jong
as any of our posterity remains upon the face of the
Jand.. And many more things did king Mosiah write
unto them, unfolding unto. them all the trials and
troubles of a righteous king: yea, all the travails of
soul for their people, and also all the murmurings of
the people to their king; and he explained it all unto
them. And he told them that these things ought not
to be: but that the burden should come upon all the
people, that every.man.might bear his part. And he
also unfolded unto them.all the disadvantages they la-
bored under, by having an unrighteous king to rule
over them; yea, all -his iniquities and. abominations,

   
