that what he had taught-to the people was contrary to
the word of God; eid there: he suffered an ignomini-
ous death. Nevertheless this did not put an end to
the spreading of priestcraft through the land: for there
were many who loved the-vain things of’ the world)
and they went forth preaching false doctrines; and
this they did for the sake of riches and: honor. Nev+
ertheless they durst not lie, if it were known, for fear
of the law, for liars. were punished? therefore’ they
pretended to preach according to their belief: -and
now the law could’ have no power on any man’for his
belief: And they durst not steal, for fear of the law;
for such were punished; neither. durst- they reb,'nor
murder: for he that murdered was punished unto
death,
But it came to pass that whosoever did not belong
to the church of God, began to persecute those. that
did belong to the church.of God, and had taken upon
them the name of Christ; yea, they did persecute
them, and afflict them with all manner of words, and
this because of their humility; because they were not
proud in their own eyes, and. because they did impart
the word of. God, one with another, without money
and without price. Now there wasa strict law among
the peopleof the church, that there should not any
man,’ belonging to the church, arise and persecute
those. that did not belong to the church, and that there
should. be no persecution among themselves, © Never-
theless; there were many among them who began to
be proud, and began to contend warmly. with their ad-
versaries, even. unto blows; yea, they would smite
one-another with their fists. Now this was. in the
second year of the reign of: Alma, and it was a cause
of much affliction to the church; yea, it was the
cause.of much trial-with the church; for the hearts of
many were hardened, and their names were blotted
out, that they were remembered no more among the
people of God. And also many withdrew themselves
from among them. Now this was a great trial to
those that;:did stand-fast in the faith; nevertheless,
they were steadfast and immovable in keeping the
commandments of God, and they bore with patience
the persecution which was heaped upon them. And
when the priests left their labor, to impart’ the word
of God unto the people, the people also left: their la-
bors'to hear the word: of God: And when the priest
had imparted unto them the word of God, they all rey
