eaptains, and higher captains, and chief captains, ac-
eording to: their numbers.

And it came to pass that Amlici-did arm his men
with all manner of weapons of war, of every kind; and
he also appointed rulers and leaders over his people,
to lead them.to war against their brethren, And it
came to pass that the Amlicites came upon the hill
Amnihu, which was east of the river Sidon, which
ran. by the land of Zarahemla, and there they began to
make war with the Nephites.. Now Alma, being the
chief judge, and the governor of the people of Nephi,
therefore he went up with his people, yea, with his
captains, and chief captains, yea, at the head of his
armies, against the Amlicites to battle;.and they be-
gan to slay the Amlicites upon the hill east of, Sidon,
And the Amlicites did contend with the Nephites with
great strength, imsomuch that many of the Nephites
did fall betore the Amlicites; nevertheless the Lord
did strengthen the hand of the Nephites, that they slew
the Amlicites with a great slaughter, that they began
to flee before them. And it came to pass that the Ne-
phites did pursue the Amlicites all that day, and did
slay them with much slaughter, insomuch that there
was slain of the Amlicites twelve thousand five hund-
red thirty and two, souls; and there was slain of the
Rephites, six thousand five hundred sixty and two
souls.

And it came to pass that when Alma could pursue
the Analicites.no longer, he caused that his people
should pitch their tents, in the valley of Gideon,
the valley being called after that Gideon who was slain
by the hand of Nehor with the sword: and. in this
valley the Nephites did pitch their tents for the night.
And Alma sent spies to follow the remnant of the Am-
licites, that he might know of their plans and their
plots, whereby he might guard himself against them,
that he might preserve his people from being destroy-
ed. Now those whom. he had sent out to watch the
camp of the Amlicites, were called Zeram, and Am-
nor, and Manti, and Limher; these were they who
went out with their men to watch the camp.of. the
Amlicites.

And it came to pass that on the morrow they retum-
ed into the camp of the Nephites, in great haste, being

reatly astonished, and struck with much fear, saying,
hold, we followed the camp of the Amlicites, and to
our great astonishment, in the Jand of Minon, above
