 

which was west and north, away beyond the borders
of the Jand; and the Nephites did: pursue them with
their might, and did slay them; yea, they were met on
every hand, and slain, and driven, until they were seat-
tered on the west, and on the north, until they had
reached the wilderness, which was called Herinounts;
and it was that part of the wilderness which was in-
fested by wild and ravenous beasts. And it came to
pass that many died in the wilderness of their wounds,
and were devoured by those beasts, and also the yul-
tures of the air: and their bones have been found, and
have been heaped up on the earth. :

And it came to pass that the Nephites, who were
not slain by the weapons of war, after having buried
those who had been slain: Now the. number of the
slain were not numbered, because of the greatness of
their number; after they had finisned burying their
dead, they all returned to their lands, and to their
houses, and their wives, and their children. Now
many women and children had been slain with the
sword, and also many of their flocks and their herds;
and also many of their fields of grain were destroyed,
for they were trodden down by the hosts of men.
And now as many of the Lamanites and the Amlieites
who had been slain upon the bank of the river Si-
don, were cast into the waters of Sidon; and behold,
their bones are in the depths of the sea, and they are
many. And the Amlicites were distinguished from the
Naphites for they had marked themselves with red in
their foreheads, after the manner of the Lamanites; nev-
ertheless they had not shorn their heads like unto the
Lamanites. Now the heads of the. Lamanites were
shorn; and they were naked, save it were skin, which
was girded about their loins, and also their armour,
which was girded aboutthem, and their bows, and their
arrows, and their stones, and their slings,&c. And the
akins of the Lamanites were dark,according to the mark
which wasset upon their fathers, which was a curse up-
on them because of their transgression.and their rebel-
lion against their brethren, who consisted of Nephi, Ja-
cob, and Joseph, and Sam, who were just and holy men.
And their brethren sought to destroy them; therefore
they were cursed; and the Lord God set a mark upon
them, yea, upon Laman and Lemuel, and also the sons
of Ishmael, and Ishmaelitish women: and this was done,
that their seed, might be distinguished from the seed of
their brethren, that thereby the Lord God might preserve
