army sent to drive them out of theirland. Now Alma
himself being-afflicted with a wound, did not go up to
batile at this time against the Lamanites; but he sent
up @ numerous army against them; and they:went up
and slew many of the Lamanites, and drove the:re-
mainder of them out of the borders of their land; and
then they returned.again, and began to establish peace
in the land, being troubled no more for a time with their
enemies.’ Now all these things were done, yea, all
these wars and contentions were commenced and end-
ed, in the fifth year of the reign of the Judges; and in
one year were thousands and tens of thousands of souls
sent to the eternal world, that they might reap their
rewards according to their works, whether they were
good or whether they were bad, to reap eternal happi-
ness or eternal misery, according to the spirit which
they listed to obey, whether it be a good spirit or a bad
one; for every man receiveth wages of him whom he
listeth to obey, and this according to the words of the
spirit of prophecy; therefore let it be according to the
truth. And thus endeth the fifth year of the reign of
the Judges.

CHAPTER Ii.

Now it came to pass in the sixth year of the reign of
the judges.over the people of Nephi, there were no
contentions nor wars in the land of Zarahemla; but
the people were afflicted, yea,’ greatly afflicted for. the
loss of their brethren, and also for the Joss oftheir
flocks and herds, and also for the loss of their fields of
rain, which were tredden under. foot-and destroyed
by the Lamanites, and so great were. their afflictions,
that every soul had cause to mourn;,and they believed
that it was the judgments of God sent upon them, be-
cause: of their wickedness .and their abominations:
therefore they were awakened to a remembrance of
their duty. And: they began toestablish the eburch
more fully; yea, and-many were baptized in the waters
of Sidon, and were jomed to. the church of God;: yea,
they were baptized: by the dhand of Almay :whochad
been consecrated the high priest’ over the people of
the church, by the hand of his father Almas). / 

apy ay sage
