And it came to pass in the seventh year of the reign
of the judges, there were about three thousands five
hundred souls that united themselves to the church of
God, and-were baptized. And thus endeth the seventh
year of the reign of the judges over the people of Ne-
phi; and there was continual peace in al). that time.

Andit came to pass in the eighth year of the reign.of
the judges, that the people of the church began: to wax
proud, because of their exceeding riches, and their
fine silks, and their fine twined linen, and’ because. of
their many flocks.and herds, and their gold, and their
silver, and all manner, of precious things, which they
had obtained by their industry; and in all these things
were they lifted up m the pride of their eyes, for they
began to weer very costly apparel. Now this was the
cause of much affliction to Alma, yea, and to many of
the people whom Alma had consecrated to be teachers,
and priesis, and elders, over the church; -yea, many
of them were sorely grieved for the wickedness
which they saw had begun to be among: their peo-
ple. For they saw and beheld with great sorrow, that
the people of the church began to be lifted up in
the pride of their eyes, and to set their hearts upon
riches and upon the vain things of the world; that
they began to be scornful, one towards another, and
they began to persecute those that did not believe ac-
cording to their own will and pleasure. And thus in
this eighth year of the reign of the judges, there began
to be great contentions among the people of the church;
yea, there were envyings, and strife; and malice, and
persecutions, and pride, even to exceed: the pride of
those who did not belong to the church of God. And
thus ended the eighth year, of the reign of the judges;
and the wickedness of the church was a great stumb-
ling biock to those who did not belong to the church;
and thus the church began to fail in its progress.

And it came to pass in the commencement of the
ninth year, Alma saw the wickedness of the church,
and he-saw-also that the example of the church began
to lead those who were unbelievers, on from one-piece
of iniquity to another; thus bringing on the destruction
of the people; yea, hesaw great inequality among the
people, some lifting themselves up with their. pride,
despising others, turning their backs upon the needy,
and the naked, and those who were hungry, and those
who were athirst, and those who were sick and afflict-
ed. Now this was a great cause for lamentations
