CHAPTER: Ill.

The words which Alma, the High Priest, according to the
holy erder af God, delivered to the people in thetr
cities and villages throu ghout the land.

Now it came to pass that Alma began to deliver the
word of God unto the people, first in the land of Zara-
hemla, and from thence throughout all the land. . And
these are the words which he spake to the people in
the.church which was established in the city of Zara-
hemla, according to his own record, saying: I Alma,
having been consecrated by my father Alma, .to bea
high priest over the church of God, he having power
and authority from God to do these things, behold, I
say unto you, that-he began to establish a church in
the land which was in the borders of Nephi; yea, the
land which was called the land of Mormon; yea, and he
did baptize his brethren in the watersof Mormon. And
behold, I say untoyou, they were delivered out of the
hands of the people ofking Noah, by the mercy and pow-
er of God. And behold, after that, they were brought
into bondage by the hands of the Lamanites, in the wild-
erness; yea, I say unto you, they were in captivity, and
again the Lord did deliver them out of bondage by the
power of his word; and we were brought into this land
and here we began to establish the church of God
throughout this land also. And now behold, I say unto
you, my brethren, you that belong to this church, have
you sufficiently retained in remembrance the captivity
of your fathers? Yea, and have you sufficiently retained
in remembrance his mercy and long-suffering towards
them? And moreover, have ye sufliciently retained:in
remembrance that he has delivered their souls from
hell? Behold, he changed their hearts; yea, he awak-
ed. them out of a deep sleep, and they awoke unto God.
Behold, they were in the midst of darkness; neverthe-
less, their souls were illuminated by the light of the
everlasting word; yea, they were encircled about by
the bands of death, and the.chains of hell, and an.ever-
lasting destruction did await them. And now] ask:of
you my brethren, were they destroyed? Behold, I say
unto you, nay, they werenot. And again I ask, were
the bands of death broken, and the chains:of hell which
encircled them about, were they loosed?:: I:say unto
you, yea, they were loosed, and their souls did expand,
and they did sing redeeming love. And I say. unto
