you, that they are saved,. And. now I ask of you on
what conditions are they saved? Yea, what grounds
had they to hope for salvation? What is the. cause
of their being loosed from the bands of death? Yea,
and also, the chains of hell? Behold, I can tell you:
did not my father Alma believe in the words which
were delivered by the mouth of Ahinadi? And was
he nota boly prophet? Did he not speak the words
of God, and my father Alma believe them? And ac-
cording to his faith there was a mighty change wrought
in-his heart. Behold I say unto you, that this is all
true. And behold, he preached the word unto your
fathers, and a mighty change was also wreught in
their hearts; and they humbled themselves, and. put
their trust in the true and living God. And behold,
they were faithful until the end; therefore they were
saved. And now behold, I ask of you, my brethren
of the church, have ye spiritually been born of Godt?
Have ye received his image in your countenances?
Have ye experienced this mighty change in your hearts?
Do ye exercise faith in the redemption of him who cre-
ated you? Do you look forward with an eye of faith, and
view this mortal body raisedin immtorality, and this
corruption raised in incorruption, to stand before God,
to be judged according to the deeds which. have been
dane in the mortal body? I say unto you, can you
imagine to yourselves that ye hear the voice of the
Lord, saying unto you, in that day, come unto me ye
blessed, for behold, your works have been the works
of righteousness'upon the face of ihe earth? Or do ye
imagine to yourselves that ye can Jie unto the Lord in
that day, and say, Lord, our works have been right-
eous works upon the face of the earth, and that he
will save you? Or etherwise, can ye. imagine your-
selves brought before the tribunal of God, with your
souls filled with guilt and remorse; having a remem-
brance of all your guilt; yea, a perfect remembrance
of all your wickedness; yea, a remembrance that ye
have set at defiance the commandments of God? 1
say unto you, can ye look up to God at that day with
a pure heart and clean hands? I say unto you, can
you look up, having the image of God engraven. upon
your countenancest JI say unto you, can ye-think of

ing saved when you have yielded yourselves to be-
come subjects to the devil? J say unto you, ye will
know at that day, that:ye: cannot be saved: for there
can no: man be saved:except his garments are washed
