things myself? Behold, I testify unto you, that Ido
know that these things whereof I have spoken, are
true. And how do ye suppose that  know of their
surety? Behold, I say unto you, they are made
known unto me by the-holy spirit of God. Behold, I
have fasted and prayed many days, that I might know
these things of myself. And now I do know of myself
that they are true; for the Lord God hath made them
manifest unto me by his holy spirit; and this is the
spirit of revelation which is in me. And moreover, I
say unto you, that as it has thus been revealed unto
me, that the words which have been spoken by our
fathers, are true, even so according to the spirit of
prophecy, which is in me, which is also by the mani-
festation of the spirit of God, I say unto you, that I
know of myself that whatsoever I-shall say unto you
concerning that which is to come, is trae; and I say
unto you, that I know that Jesus Christ. shall come;
yea, the Son, the only begotten of the Father, full of
grace, and mercy, and truth. And behold, it is he-that
cometh to take away the sins of the world; yea, the sins
of every man who steadfastly believeth on his name.
And now  say unto you, that this is the order af-
ter which Tam called; yea, to preach unto my beloved
brethren; yea, and every one that dwelleth in the
land; yea, to preach unto all, both old and young,
both bond and free: yea, I say unto you, the aged,
and also the middle aged, and the rising generation;
yea, to cry unto them that they must repent and be
horn again; yea, thus saith the spirit, repent all ye
ends of the earth, for the kingdom of heaven is soon
at hand; yea, the Son of God cometh in his glory, in
hismight, majesty, power and dominion. Yea, my
beloved brethren,  say unto you, that the spirit saith,
behold the glory of the king of all the earth: and also
the King of heaven shall very soon shine forth among
all the children of men; and also the spirit saith unto
me, yea, crieth unto me with amighty voice, saying,
go forth and say unto this:people, repent, for except
ed repent ye can in no wise inherit the kingdom of
eaven. And again 1 say unto you, the spirit saith,
behold, the axe is laid at the root of the tree; there-
fore every tree that bringeth not forth good fruit, shall
be hewn down and cast into the fire: yea, a fire which
cannot be consumed; even an unquenchable fire.  Be-
hold, and remember, the holy one hath spoken: it:.
And now my beloved brethren; say unto you, can'ye
