church, I'speak byway. of inyitation, saying, come
and be baptized unto-repentance,. that ye also may-be
partakers of the fruit of the tree of life.

CHAPTER.IV.

Ayp now it came to pass that. after Alma had made
an end of speaking unto the people of the church,
which was established in the city of Zarahemla, he
ordained priests and elders, by laying on his hands
according to the order of God, to preside and watch
over.the church. And it came to pass that whosoev-
er-did not belong to the church who repented. of their
sins, were baptized unto repentance, and were receiy-
ed:into the church. And it also. came to pass that
whosoever did belong to the church, that .did not re-
pent of their -wickedness, and humble themselves be-
fore God; J mean those who were lified. up in the
pride of their hearts; the same. were rejected, and
their names were blotted out, that. their names. were
not numbered among those of the righteous; and thus
they began to establish the order of the church in the
city of Zarahemla. Now I would that ye should un-
derstand that the word of God was liberal untovall; that
none were deprived of the privilege of assembling
themselves together to hear the word of God; never-
theless the children of God were commanded that they
should gather themselves together oft, and join in fast-
ing and mighty prayer, in behalf of the welfare of the
souls of those who knew not God,

: And now it came to pass. that when Alina had made
these-regulations, he-departed from them, yea, from
the church which was in the city of: Zarahemla, and
went over npon the east of the river Sidon, into the
valley.of Gideon, there. having been a city built which
was called the city of Gideon, which was.in the val-
ley thatowas called: Gideon, being called after the man
st was slain by the hand: of Nebor with the sword,
And Alma went and began to declare the word of God
unto the church which was-established: in the- valley
of Gideon; according to: the revelation of the trath of
the: word which:-lad- been spoken: by his fathers, and
according:to the spirit of prophecy which was:in him,
actording to the testimony of Jesus Christ, the Son of
