for the remission-of your sins with an everlasting faith
which is tocome.. For behold, Isay. unto you, there
be many things to come; and behold,.there is one
thing which is of more importance than they all:. for
behoid, the time is not far distant, that the Redeemer
liveth and cometh aimong his people. Behold, Ido
not say that he will come among us at the time of his
dwelling in his mortal tabernacle; for behold, the spir-
it hath not said unto me that this should be the case.
Now as to this thing 1 do not know; but this much J
do know, that the Lord God hath power to do all
things which are according to his word. But. behold,
the spirit hath said this inuch unto me, -saying: cry
unto this people, saying, repent ye, and .prepare the
way of the Lord, and walk in his paths, which are
straight: for behold, the kingdom of heaven is at hand,
and the Son of God cometh upon the face of the earth.
And behold, he shall be born of Mary, at Jerusalem,
which is the land of. our forefathers, she being a vir-
gin, a precious and chosen vessel, who.shall be over-
shadowed, and conceive by the power of the Holy
Ghost, and bring forth a son, yea, even the Son of
God; and he shall. go forth, suffering pains, and. af-
flictions, and temptations of every kind; and this that
the word might be fulfilled which saith, he will take
upon him the-pains and the sicknesses of his people;
and he will take upon him death, that he may loose
the bands of death which bind his people: and he will
take upon him their infirmities, that his bowels may
be filled with merey, according to the flesh. that he
may know according to the flesh how to succor his
people according to their infirmities. Now the spirit
knoweth all things; nevertheless the Son of. God suf-
fereth according to the flesh, that he might take upon
him the sinus of his people, that he might blot out their
transgressions, according to the power of his deliver-
ance; and now behold, this is the testimony which is
inme. Now I say unto you, that ye must. repent,
and be burn again: for the spirit.saith, if ye are’ not
born again, ye cannot inherit the kingdom of: heaven;
therefore come and. be baptized: unto repentance, that
yemay be washed from. your.sins, that ye may have .
faith on the Lamb of; God, who taketh away the sins
of the world, who is mighty to save .and to’ cleanse
from. all unrighteousness;. yea, I gay. unto you,.come
and fear not, and lay. aside every. sin, which easily
doth beset you, which doth. bind you down todestrue-
