and see that ye have faith, hope, and charity,..and
then ye will always abound in good works; and may
the Lord bless you, and keep your garments spotless,
that ye may at last.be brought to sit down with Abra-
ham, Isaac and Jacob, -and the holy..prophets, who
have been ever since the world began, having your
garments spotless, even.as their garments are spotless
in the kingdom of heaven, to go no more out.

And now my beloved brethren, ] have spoken these
words unto you, according-to the spirit. which testi-
fieth in me; and my soul doth exceedingly: rejoice,-be-
cause of the exceeding. diligence and heed which ye
have siven unto my word. -And now, may the peace
of God rest upon you, and upon your houses and
lands, and upon your flocks. and herds, and all that
you possess; your women and your children, accord-
ing to your faith and good works, from this-time forth
and forever. And thus I have spoken.. Amen.

CHAPTER VI.

Anp now it came to pass that Alma returned: from
the land of Gideon, after-having taught the people of
Gideon many things which cannot be written, having
established the order of the church, according as he
had before done in the land of Zarahemla; yea, he re-
turned to his own house at: Zarahemla to rest himself
from the labors which he hadxperformed. And thus
ended the ninth year of the reign of the judges over
the people of Nephi.

And it came.to passin the commencement ofthe
tenth year of the reign of the judges over the people
of Nephi, that Alma departed: from thence, and ..took
his journey cver into the land of Melek, on the west
of the river Sidon, on the west, by the borders of the -
wilderness: and he began to teach the people in the:
land of Melek, according to the holy order of God. by
which he had been called; and he began to teach’ the
people throughout all the land of Melek, veg!

- And iteame-to pass thatthe people came: to him
throughout all.the borders of the land which was by
the wildernessside... And they:were:baptized through-
@utall the land, sothatwhenhe had finished:his work
