yea, I.did boldly testify.unto'them,; saying: behold,O
ye wicked and. perverse generation, how have ye, for-
gotten the tradition of your fathers; yea, how soon: ye
have. forgotten. the commandmients.of God.. -Do ye
not remember that our father Lehi was brought.out of
Jerusalem by the hand of God? .Do ye not.remember ©
that they were all led by him.through the wilderness?
And-have ye forgotten so.scon how many times he. de-
livered our fathers out ofthe hands-of their enemies,
and preserved them from being destroyed, even by the
hands oftheir own brethren? Yea, andsif it had not
been for his matchless.power, and his mercy, and his
long suffering towards us, we should unavoidably have
been cut off from the face of the earth; leng before this
period of time, and perhaps been consigned to a state
of endless misery and wo., Behold, now I say:-unto
you, that he commandeth you to repent; and except
ye repent, ye can in. no wise inherit the kingdom of
God. © But behold, this is not all: -he has commanded
you to repent, or he will utterly destroy you from off
the face of the earth; yea, he will visit you in his an-
ger, and in his fierce anger he will not turn away..
ehold, do ye not.remember the words which he spake
unte Lehi, saying, that inasmuch as ye shall keep my
commandments, ye: shall. prosper in the land?., And
again it is said, that inasmuch as: ze will not keep my
commandments, ye shall be cut off from the presence
of the Lord. Now I would that ye should remember,
that inasmuch as the Lamanites have not kept the
commandments of God, they have been cut.off from
the presence of the Lord... Now we see that the word
of the Lord has been verified in this thing, andthe
Lamanites have been: cutoff from his presence, from
the beginning of their transgressions in the. land..
Nevertheless [ say unto you, that it shall be-more. tol
erable for them in the day of judgment, than for you,
if ye remainin your sins: yea, and even more. tolera-
ble for them in this life, than for you, except ye repent,
for there: are many promises which are: extended to
the Lamanites: for it is: because-of the traditions of © 
their fathers that cause them to remain in their state
of ignorance;’ therefore the. Lord will.be merciful unte
them, and prolong their existance in the land... And
at some period of time they. will be brought to believe
in his. word;and’ to know'of the incorrectness of the
traditions’ of their fathers; and-many of them will be
saved, for the: Lord will be merciful unto all. who call
