destroyed, the Lord has sent his angel to visit many
of his people, declaring unto them that they must go
forth and cry mightily unto-this people, saying, repent
ye, for the kingdom of heaven is nigh at hand; and
not many days hence, the Son-of God shall come in
his glory; and his glory shall be the glory of the only
begotten of the Father, full of grace, equity and truth,
full of patience, mercy, and long suffering, quick to
hear the cries of his people, and to answer their pray-
ers. And behold, he cometh to redeem those who will
be baptized unto repentance, through faith on his
name; therefore prepare ye the way of the Lord, for
the time is at hand that all men shall reap a reward of ©
their works, according to that which they haye been:
if they have been righteous, they shall reap the salva-
tion of their souls, according to. the power and deliv-
erance of Jesus Christ; and if they have been evil,
they shall reap the damnation of their souls, according
to the power and captivation of the devil. Now be-
hold, this is the voice of the angel, erying unto: the
people. And now my beloved brethren, for ye are my
brethren, and ye had ought to be beloved, and ye had
ought to bring forth works which are. meet for repent:
ance, seeing that your hearts have been grossly hard-
ened against the word of God, and seeing that ye are
a lost and a fallen people.
Now it came to pass that when I, Alma, had spo-
ken these words, behold, the people were wroth with
me, because I said unto them that they was a hard-
hearted anda stiffnecked people; and also because [
said unto them that they. were alost and a fallen peo- .
ple, they were angry with me, and sought to lay their
hands upon me, that they might cast me into prison;
but it came to pass that the Lord. did not suffer them _,
that they should take me at that time and cast me in- 
to prison, 3
And it came to pass that Amulek went and stood .
forth, and began to preach unto them also, And now
the words of Amulek are not all written; nevertheless
a part of his words are written in this book. a a
