of
 going thither, I found the man whom the angel said
unto me, thou shalt receive into thy house; and behold
it was this same man who has been speaking unto you
\-goncerning the things of God. And the angel. said

oa
e

4

CHAPTER VIII.

_ Now these are the words which Amulek preached
unto the people who were in the land of Ammonihah,
saying: 1am Amulek; I am the son of Giddonah,
who was the son of Ishmael, who was a descendant
of Aminadi: and it was that same Aninadi who inter-
preted the writing which was upon the wall of the
temple, which was written by the finger of God..
And Aminadi was a descendant of Nephi, who was the
son of Lehi, who came out. of the Jand of Jerusalem,
who was a descendant of Manasseh, who was the son
of Joseph, who was sold into Egypt by the hands of
his brethren. And behold, Iam alsoa man of no
small reputation among all those who know me; yea,
and behold, [have many kindreds and friends, and I
have also acquired much riches'by-the band of my in-
dustry; nevertheless, after all this, I never have known
much of the ways of the Lord, and his mysteries and
marvelous power. I said I never had known much of
these things; but behold, I mistake, for I have seen
much of his mysteries and his marvelous power; yea,
even in the preservation of the lives of this people;
nevertheless, I did harden my heart, for I was called
many times, and I would not hear; therefore I. knew
concerning these things, yet I would not know; there-
fore I went on rebelling against God, in the wicked-
ness of my heart, even until the fourth day of this sev-
enth month, which is in the tenth year of the reign of
the judges. As I was journeying to see a very near
kindred, behold an angel:of the Lord appeared unto
me, and said, Amulek, return to thine own house, for
thou shalt feeda prophet of the Lord; yea, a holy
man, who is a chosen man of God; for he has fasted
many days because of the sins of this people, and
he is an hungered, and thou shalt reccive him into
thy house and feed him, and he shall- bless: thee
and thy house; and the blessing of the Lord shall rest
upon thee and thy house.

And it came to = that I obeyed the voice of the
angel, and returned towards my house. And ag I was

unto me, he is a holy man; wherefore I know he isa
holy man, because it was said by an angel of God..

Ea a AE uaa:

 
