And again, I know thatthe things whereof he hath

testified are true: for behold, I say unto you, that as_
the Lord liveth, even so he has sent his angel to make

these things manifest unto me; and this he has done.
while this Alma hath dwelt at my house; for behold,

he hath blessed mine house, he hath blessed me, and.
my women, and my children, and my father, and my

kinsfolks; yea, even all my kindred hath he blessed,

and the blessing of the Lord hath rested upon us ao-

cording to the words which he spake. .

And now when Amulek had spoken these words,
the people began to be astonished, seeing there was.
more than one witness who testified of the things
whereof they were accused, and also of the things
which were Lo come, according to the spirit of proph-
ecy which wasin them; nevertheless, there were some
among them who thought to question them, that by
their cunning devices they might catch them in their
words, that they might find witness against them, that
they might-deliver them to the judges, that they might
be judged according to the law, and that they might
be slain or cast into prisan, according to. the crime
which they could make appear, or witness against
them. Now it was those men who sought to destroy
them, who were lawyers, who were hired or appointed
by the people to administer the law at their times of
trials, or at the trials of the crimes of the people, be-
fore the judges. Now these lawyers were learned in
all the. arts and cinning of the people; and_this-was
to enable them that they might be skilful in their pro-
fession. And it came to pass that they began to ques-
tion Amulek, that thereby they might make him crosa
his words, or contradict the words which he should
speak... Now they knew not that Amulek could know
of their designs. But it came to pass as they began
to question him, he perceived their thoughts, and he
said.unto them, O ye wicked and perverse generation; +
ye lawyers and hypocrites: for ye are laying the foun- 
dations of the devil; for ye are laying traps and snares
to catch the holy ones of God;. ye are laying plans te
pervert the ways of the righteous, and to bring down
the wrath of Goi upon your. heads, even to the utter .

- destruction of this people; yea, well did Mosiah say,

 who.was our last king, when he was about.to deliver .
up the kingdom,. havirig na one to confer it upo

eausing that this people should be governed by

a

   

 

  

ee

 
