own voices; yea, well did he say, that if the time
should come thet the voice of this people should choose
iniquity: that is, if the time should come that this
people should fall into transgression, they would be
Fipe for destruction. And now T say unto you, that
well doth the Lord judge of your iniquilies; well doth
he ery unto this people, by the voice of his angels, re-

. pent ye, repent, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.

SOU RENTS

errs

Yea, well doth he cry, by the voice of his angels, that
L.will come down among. my people, with equity and
justice in my hands. Yea, and 1 say unto you, that
fit were not for the prayers of the righteous, who
are now in the land, that ye would even now be visit-
ed with utter destruction; yet it would not be by flood,
as were the people in the days of Noah, but it would
ho by famine, and by pestilence, and the sword. But
it is by the prayers of the righteous that’ yeare spared;
now therefore if ye will cast out the righteous from
among you, then will not the Lord stay his hand, but
in his fierce anger he will come out against yous then
ye shall be smitten by famine, and'by pestilence, and
by the sword; and the time is soon at hand, except yo
Tepent. 7 
-- And now it came to pass that the people were more

-angry with Amulek, and they eried out saying: this

man doth revile against our laws, which are just, and
our wise lawyers whom we have selected. But Amu-
Iek stretched forth his hand, and cried the mightier
unto them, saying: O ye wicked and perverse genera-
tion; why hath satan. got such great hold upon your
hearts? Why will ye yield yourselves unto him that
he may have power over you, to blind your eyes, that
ye will not understand the words which are spoken,
according to their truth? For behold, have I testified
agninet yourlaw? Ye donot understand; ye say that
IT have spoken against your law; but I have not; but
{ have spoken in favor of your law, to your condemna-
tion. And now behold, I say unto you, that the foun-
dation of the destruction of this people ia beginning to
be laid by the unrighteousness of your lawyers and
your judges.

And now it came to pass that when Amulek had
spoken these words, the people cried out’against him,
zaying, now we know that this man isa child of the
devil, for he hath lied unto us; for he hath spoken
against our law.’ And now he says that he has’ not :
spoken against it. And again: he has reviled against

et
