our lawyers, and our judges, &c. Andit came to pass
that the lawyers put it into their hearts that they
should remember these things againsthim. And there
was on? among them whose mame was Zeezrom.==
Now he was the foremost to accuse Amulek and Alma;
he being one of the most expert among them, having
much business to do among the people. Now the ob-
ject of these lawyers was to get gain; and they got
gain according to their employ. a ay
Now it was in the law of Mosiah that every man
who was a judge of the law, or those who were appoin-
ted to be judges should receive wages according to the
time whieh they labored to judge those who were
brought before them to be judged, oe
Now if a man owed another, and he would not
pay that which he did owe, he was complained of to
the judge; and the judge executed authority, and sent,
forth officers that the man should be brought before
him; and he judged the man according to the law and
the evidences which were brought against him, and
thus the man was compelled to pay that which he ow:
ed, or be striped, or be cast out from among the peo-
ple, as a thiefand arobber,. And the judge received
for his wages according to his time: a senine of gold
for a day, or a senum of silver, which is equal to a se-
nine of gold; and this is according to the law which
was given... Now these are the names of the different.
pieces of their gold, and of their silver, according to
their value. And the names'are given by the Nephites;
for they did not reckon after the manner of the Jews.
who were at Jerusalem; neither did they measure af)
{er the manner of the Jews, but they altered their
reckoning and their measure, according to the minds.
and the circumstances of the people, in every genera-
tion, until the reign of the judges; they having been
established by king Mosiah. Now the reckoning is
thus: a senine of gold, a seon of gold, a shum of gold,,
and a limnah of gold. A senum of silver, an amnor
of silver, an ezrom of silver, and an onti of silver. ~ A’
senum of silyer was equal to a senine of gold; and ei-'
ther for a measure of barley, and also for a measure of
every, kind of grain. Now the amount of, a'seon’'d?}
gold, was twice the value of a senine; and a shum aa
gold was. twice the’ value of a seon; and a limnah o
gold was the. value of. them all; and an amnor of gil-
ver, was as great as two senums; and an ezrom of sil-
Ver was, as great’ ag four senums; and an onti was ai
