greai as.them all, Now this is the value of the lesser
numbers of their reckoning: a shiblon is half of a se-
num: therefore a shiblon for half a measure of barley;
and a shiblum is a haif of a shiblon; and a leah is the
half ofa.shiblum, Now this is their number, accord-
ing to their reckoning. Now an antion of gold is equal
to three shublons.

Now it was for the sole purpose to get gain, because
they received their wages according to their employ;
therefore they did stir up the people to riotings, and
all manner of disturbances and wickedness, that they
might have more employ; that they might get money
according to the suits which were brought before them;
therefore they did stir up the people against Alma and
Amulek. And this Zeezrom began to question Amu-
lek, saying: will ye answer me a few questions which
Tshall ask you?) Now Zeezrom was aman who was
expert in the devises of the devil, that he might des-
troy that which was good; therefore he said unto Am-
ulek, will ye answer the questions which I shall put
unto you?’ And Amulek said unto him, yea, if it be
according to the spirit of the Lord, which is in me;
for [ shail say nothing which is contrary to the spirit
of the Lord. And Dodson said unto him, behold,
here is six onties of silver, and all these will I give
thee if thou wilt deny the existence of a supreme be-
ing. Now Amulek said, O thou child of hell, why
tempt ye me? Knowest thou that the righteous yield-
eth tono such temptations? Believest thou that there
is no God? I say unto you, nay: thou knowest that
there is a God, but thou lovest that lucre mors than
him. And now thou hast lied before God unto me..
Thou saidst unto me, behold these six onties, which
are of great worth, I will give unto thee, when thou
had it in thy heart to retain them from me; and it
was only thy desire that I should deny the true and
living God, that thou mightest have cause to destro
me. And now behold, for this great evil thou shalt
have Ay reward. And Zeezrom said unto him, thou
sayest there is a true and living God? And Amulek
said, yea, there is a true and a living God. Now Ze-
ezrom said, is there more than one God? And he an-
swereth, no. Now Zeezrom said unto him again,
how knowest thou these things? And he saidan an- '
gel hath made them known unto me. And Zeezrom .

 said, gain, who is he that shall come? Is it the son
ef God? And he said unto him, yea, And Zeezrom §$
