Spirit, which is one eternal God, to he judged accor-
ding to their works, whether tuey be good or whether
they be evil.

Now behold I have spoken unto you concerning the
death of the mortal body, and also concerning the res-
urrection of the mortal body, I say unto you, that
this mortal body is raised to an immortal body; that
is from death; even from thefirst death, unto life,
that they can die no more; their spirits uniting with
their. bodies, never to be.divided; thus the whole be-
coming spiritual and immortal, that they can no more
see Corruption,  . :

Now when Amulek had. finished these. words,.. the
people began again to be astonished, and also Zeezrom
began to tremble. And thus ended the words of Am-
ulek, or this is all that I-have written,

..

CHAPTER IX.

Now Alma, seeing that the words of Amulek. had
silenced. Zeezrom, for he beheld that Amulek had
caught him in his lying and deceiving, to destroy him,
and seeing that he began to tremble under a conscious-
ness of his guilt, he opened. his mouth and began to
speak unto.him, and to:establish the words of Amu-
lek, and to explain things beyond, or to unfold the
scriptures beyond that which Amulek had-done. Now
the words that Alma spake unto Zeezrom, were heard
by the people round about: for the multitude was
great, and he spake on this wise; Now Zeezrom, see-
ing that thou hast been taken.in/thy lying and, crafti-
ness, for thou hast not lied: unto men only, but thou
hast lied unto. God; for behold,.he knows all thy
thoughts; and thou. seest that thy thoughts are made
known unto.us by. his spirit;: and thou seest that we
know that thy plan was a very subtle. plan, as to the
subtlety of the devil, for to Jie.and.to deceive this: peo-
ple, that thou mightest set. them against us, to revile
us and to cast us out. Now this wasa plan of thine
adversary, and she-hath exercised his, power. in. thee.
Now I would. that. ye should:remiember that .what I
say unto. thee, I.say unto.all.; And behold, I say unto
you all; that this was @ snare.of: the.adversary, which
