this awful state, we shall not dare look up ta our God;
and we would fain be glad if we could command the
rocks and the mountains to fall upon us, to hide us
from his presence. But this cannot be; we must
com? forth and stand before him in his glory, and in
his power, and in his might, majesty, aud dominion,
and acknowledge to our everlasting shame, that al]
his judgments are just; that he is justin all his works,
and that he is merciful unto the children of men, and
that he has all power to save every man that beliey-
eth on his name, and bringeth forth fruit meet for re
pentance.

And now behold I say unto you, then cometh 8
death, even a second death, which is aspiritual death;
then is a time that whosoever dieth in his sins, as to
a temporal death, shall also die a spiritual death: yea,
he shall die as to things pertaining unto righteous.
ness; then is the time when their torments shall be as

a lake of fire and brimstone, whose flames ascendeth
up forever and ever; and then is the time that they
shall be chained down to an everlasting destruction,
according to the power and captivity of satan; he
having subjected them according to his will. Then I
say unto you, they shall be as though there had been
no redemption made; for they cannot be redeemed
according to God's justice; and they cannot die, sees
ing there is no more corruption.

Now it came to pass that when Alma had made an
end of'speaking these words, the people began to be
more astonished; but there was one Antionah, who
was a chief ruler among them, come forth and said
unto him, what is this that thou hast said, that map
should rise from the dead and be changed from this
mortal to an immortal state, that the soul can never
diet What does this scripture mean, which saith. that
God placed cherubims and a flaming sword on the
east of the garden of Eden, lest our first parents
should, enter and partake of the fruit of the tree of
life, and live forever? And thus we see tliat there
was no possible chance that they should live forever.
Now. Alma said unto him, this is the thing which I
was about to explain. Now we see that Adam did
fall. by the partaking of the forbidden fruit, according
to the word of God; .and thus we:see, that by his. fall,
all mankind became a lost anda fallen people. And
now behold, [say unto you, that if: it had been: possi-
ble: for Adam to have partaken: of the fruit of the tres
