as to. things pertaining unto righteousness; for on
such the plan of redemption could have uo power, for
the works of justice could not be destroyed, according
to the supreme goodness of God. But God did call
on men, inthe name of his Son; (this being the plana
ofredemption: which was laid,) saying: if ye willre
pent, and harden not your hearts, then will-I have
merey' upon you, through mine only begotten Son;
therefore, whosoever repenteth, and hardeneth not his
heart, he shall have claim on mercy through mine on-
ly begotten':Son; unto a remission of: his sins; and
these'shall enter into my rest... And whosoever will
harden his heart; and will do iniquity, behold, I-swear
in my wrath that he shall notenter into my rest..
And now my:brethren, behold -Isay unto you, that if
ye will harden your hearts, ye shall not enter into the
rast'of the Lord; therefore your iniquity provoketh
him, that:he sendeth down his wrath’ upon’ you asin
thetfirstprovocation, vea, according to'his word in the
last’ provocation, as well as the first, to the everlast-
ing destraction of your souls; therefore, according to
his word, unto:the last death, aswell as the first.
And now my. brethren, seeing’ we: know: these
things; andthey are true;:let us repent, and harden
not our hearts, that we provoke not the Lord:our God
to pull down his wrath upon us: in’ these his. second
commandments which he has given unto us; but let
us enter into’the:rest-of God, -which is prepared ac-
cording to hiss word. And again: my” brethren, I
would cite your minds'forward to’ the time which the
Lord God gave these: commandments unto his’ child-
ren; and would that ye should remember that the
Lord God ordained priests, after his holy order, which
was after the order'of his Son, to teach these. things
unto the people; and those priests were ordained’ af
ter the order of his Son, in'a manner that thereby the
poems might know in what manner to look forward to
is Son for redemption, And thisis the manner after
which they were ordained: being called and prepared
from the foundation of the world, according to the
foreknowledge of God, on account of their exceeding
faith and good works} in the first place being left to
choose good or evil; therefore they having chosen
good, and exercising exceeding great faith, are called
with a-holy calling, yea, with that holy calling which
was prepared: with, and. according to,'a preparatory
redemption for such; and thus they have -been called
