to this holy calling on, account of their. faith,- while
others would reject the spirit of God on account.of the
hardness of their hearts and blindness of their. minds,
while, if it had, not been for this, they might had as.
great privilege as their brethren. Or in fine:.in the
first. place they were on the same-standing. with their
brethren; thus this holy calling being prepared from
the foundation. of the world for such as would. not
harden their hearts, being in and through the atone-
ment of the only begotten, Son, who. was prepared;
and thus being called by this holy calling, and ordain-
ed unto the high priesthood of the holy order of God,
to'teach his commandinents unto the children of men,
that:-they.jalso,might enter into. his. rest, this high
priesthood being after the order of his Son, which or-
der was from the foundation of the world: or in other
words, being without beginning of days or. end of
years, being: prepared from eternity to all eternity, ac-
cording to his foreknowledge of all things. Now, they
were ordained after this manner: Being called witha
holy calling, and ordained with a boly ordinance, and
taking upon them the high priesthood of the. holy or-
der, which calling, and ordinance, and. high priest-
hood, is without.:beginning or end; thus they become
high priests forever, after the order of the Son, the.
only begotten of the Father, who is without begin-
ning of days. or end of years, who is full of grace,,
equity and truth. And thus itis. Amen,

CHAPTER X.

Now..as:Isaid- concerning the holy order of this
high priesthood: there were many who were ordained
and became high priests of God; ; and it- was on account
of their exceeding faith and repentance, and their right-
eousness .before..God, they: choosing to repent, and
work: righteousness, rather than to perish; therefore
they-were called:-after this -holy, order,.and were\sanc-
tified; and their- garments were washed white, through
the blood-of the Lamb. Now they, :atter.being sanc-
tified by the: Holy Ghost, having: their garments made
white, being: pure and spotless before God,couldnot
look:upon siny:savecit were with abhorrence; and there
