But itcame.to pass that they did not; but they took
them.,and bound them with. strong cords, and. took
them:besore the chief judge of theland. And ihe pzo-
ple went forth and witnessed. against them, testifying
that they had. reviled against the law, and their law-.
yers and judges of the land, and also of, all the people
that were in the land; and also testified that there was
but-one God, and that he should send. his. Son among
the people, but he should not save them; and, many
such things did the people testify against Alma and
Amulek. . Now this was done before the chief judge.
of the land. And it came to pass that Zeezrom was
astonished at the words which had been spoken; and.
he also-knew concerning the blindness of the minds
which he had caused among the people, by his lying
words;.and his soul began to be harrowed up, undera
consciousness of his own. guilt; yea,: he. began to be
encircled, about by, the pains of hell.

And it came to pass that he began to cry. unto the
people, saying: Behold, I am gaily, and these men
are spotless before. God. And he began.to.plead for
them, from that time forth; but they piled him, say-
ing: Art. thou also possessed with. the, devil? And
they spit upon him, and cast him .out. from, among
them, and also, all those who believed. in the. words
which had. been, spoken by Alma and Amulek; and
they cast. them out, and sent. men to cast stones at
them. And they brought. their .wives.and children to-
aa and whosoever believed or had. been taught to

elieve in the word of God, they caused that they
should: be. cast into. the fire; and. they. also brought
forth their records which contained the holy scriptures,
and cast.them into the fire also, that, they might be
burned and destroyed by fire. ,

And it came to pass that they took Alma and Amu-
Iek, and- carried them forth to the place, of anartydom,
that they might, witness the destruction of those who
were -consumed by fire... And. when: Amulek saw the
pains of the women and children who were consuming
in. the; fire, he was also pained; and he said unto Alma,
how. can.we witness this awful seene?. Therefore let
us stretch forth our: hands, and. exercise the power of
God, which. isin us,’ and, saye .them fromthe flames
But Alma said. unto . hirn, the spirit, constraineth me
that I.must.not, stretch :forth. mine; hand;, for. behold,
the: Lordireceiveth.-them. up. unto. himself,in glory;.
\-and-he.doth suffer that, they may do, this, thing,,or that
