thus they did. mock them, for many days. And they
did withhold food from them, that they might hunger,
and water, that they. might thirst; and they also did
take trom them their clothes, that they were naked;
and thus they were bound with strong cords, and cons
fined in prison. 

And it came to pass after they had thus suffered for
many days, (and it was.on the twelfth day, in the
tenth month, in the tenth year of the reign of the
judges over the people of Nephi,) that the chief judge
over the land of Ammonihah, and many of their teach-
ers and their lawyers, went in unto'the prison where
Alma and-Amulek were bound with cords... And the
chief judge stood before them, and smote them again,
and said unto them, if ye have the power of God, de
liver yourselves from these bands, and then we will
believe that-the Lord will destroy this people accord-
ding to your words. .. And it came to pass that they all
went forth. and smote them, saying the same words,
ven until the last; and when the last had spoken unto
them; the power of God wag upon Alma and Amulek,
and they arose and. stood: upon -their feet; and Alma
eried, saying, how long-.shall we suffer these.great af-
flictions; O Lord? .O Lord, give us strength according
to our faith, which isin. Christ, even unto.deliverance;
and they break the.cords with which they were bound:
and when the people saw this, they began to flee, for
the fear of destruction had come upon them. -

And it caine to pass that so great was their fear,
that they fellto the earth, and did not obtain the outer
door of the prison; and the earth shook mightily, and
the -walls of the prison were rent in twain, so that
they fell:to the earth; and the chief judge, and the
Jawyers, and priests,and teachers who smote. upon
Alma. and Auulek, were slain by the fall thereof.
And Alina and A:nulek -came fort out of the prison,
and they were not hurt: for the Lord had granted
unto them power, acecording to their’ faith which
was in Christ. . And they straigitway caine forth out
of the prisoa;-and they were loosed from their bands;
and the prison had fallen to the earth, and every soul
who was, within. the.walls: thereof, save it.were Alina
and Amulek, were slain: and they straightway came
forth into the city. Now the: people having heard a
great noise, camerunuing together by.multitades, to
know. the, cause of -it: and. when. they.saw/Alima and
Amulek coming forth out of. the prison; and, the walls
