wars nor contentions for a certain number of years;
even until the fifth day. ofthe second month, in the
eleventh year, there was a cry of war heard through-
out the land; for behold, the armies of the Lamanites
had come in upon the wilderness side, into the borders
of the land, even into the city of Ammonihah, and be-
gan'to slay the people, and destroy the city. -
And now it came to pass before the Nephites could
raise a sufficient army to drive them out of the land,
they had destroyed the people who were in the city of
Ammonihah; and also some around the borders of
Noah, and taking others captive into the wilderness,
Now it came to pass that the Nephites were desi-
rous to obtain those who had been carried away cap-
tive into the wilderness; therefore he that had been
appointed chief captain over the armies of the Ne-
phites, (and his name was Zoram, and he had two
sons, Lehi and Aha:) Now Zoramand his two sons,
knowing that Alma was high priest over the church,
and having heard that he had the spirit of prophecy,
therefore they went unto him and desired of him to
know whether the Lord would that they should go into
the wilderness in search of their brethren, who had
been taken captive by the Lamanites.
: And it came to pass that Alma inquired of the Lord
concerning the matter. And Alma returned and said
unto them, behold:the Lamanites will cross the river
Sidon in the south wilderness, away up beyond the
borders ot the land of Manti. And behold there:shall
ye meet them, on the east of the river Sidon and there
the Lord will deliver unto thee thy brethren who have
been taken captive by the Lamanites. -
And it came-to pass that Zoram and his sons crossed
over the river Sidon, with their armies, and marched
away beyond: the borders of Manti, into the south
wilderness, which was on the eastside of the river
 Sidon.:. And. they came upon the armies of the La-

manites, andthe Lamanites were scattered and driven
- into the wilderness; that they took their brethren who
had been taken captive by the Lamanites, and there
was not: one soul of them-who had been lost, that were
taken captive.. And:they were brought by their breth-
ren'to: possess their own. lands;. And. thus:ended the
eleventh year of the judges; the Lamanites having been
driven out-of the land, and, the people of: Ammonihah
were destroyed; yea, every living soul of the Ammoni-
huhits: were destroyed, and-also their great city, which
