they said God could: not destroy,-because.of its great-
ness. But behold, in one day.it was left. desolate;
and. the carcases. were mangled by dogs and wild
beasts of the wilderness; nevertheless, after many
days, their dead bodies were heaped up upon the face
of the earth, and they were covered with a-shallow
covering. And now so great was the scent thereof,
that the people did not go in to possess the land of
Ammonihah for many years. And it was called deso-
lation-of Nehors; for they. were of the profession of
Nehor, who were slain; and their lands remained deso-
late. And the Lamanites did not come again to war
against the Nephites until the fourteenth year of the
reign of the judges over the people of Nephi. And
thus for three years did the people of Nephi have con-
tinual peace in all the land.

And Alma and Amulek went forth preaching re-
pentance to the people in their temples, and.in their
sanctuaries, and also in their synagogues, which were
built after the manner of the Jews. And as many as
would hear their words, unto them they did impart
the word.of God, without any respect of persons, con-
tinually, And thus did Alma and Amulek..go forth,
and also. many more who had been chosen for the work,
to preach the word throughout. all the land, And the
establishment of the church became general through-
out the land, .in all the region round about, among all
the people of the Nephites.

And there was no inequality among them, the Lord
did pour out his spirit on all the face of the land, to
prepare the minds of the children of men, or to. prepare
their hearts to receive the word which should be. taught
among them at the time of his coming, that they
might not be hardened against the word, that they
might not be unbelieving, and go on to destruction,
but that they might receive the word with joy, and as
a branch be grafted into the true vine, that they might
enter into the rest of the Lord their God. gg...

Now those priests who did go forth among the peo-
ple, did preach against all lyings, and deceivings, and
envyings, and strifes, and malice, and revilings, and
stealing, robbing, plundering, murdering, committing
adultery, and-all manner of lasciviousness; crying that
these things ought. not not so: to be; holding: forth
things: whithmust. shortly come; yea; holding forth
the:coming of the: Son of God; Hespadieriogy and death,
snd also: the: resurrection of. the: dead: Andmany.of
