the people did inquire concerning the place: where the
Son: of God should come; and, they were taught that
he would appear. unto them after his.resurrection; and
this the people did hear with. great. joy and gladness.
And now after the church having been: established
throughout all the land, having got the victory over
the devil, and the word of, God being. preached in.its
purity in all the land; and the Lord pouring out.his
blessings upon the people; thus ended the fourteenth
ae the reign of the judges, over the people. of
ephi. :

._

CHAPTER Xil.

An account of the sons of Mosiah, who rejected their
rights to the kingdom, for the word of God, and went
up to the land of Nephi, to preach to the Lamanites...
Their sufferings and deliverance, according to the
record of Alma.

Anp now it came to pass that as Alma was journey-
ing from the land of Gideon, southward; away to the
land of Manti, behold, to his astonishment, he met
with the sons of Mosiah, journeying. towards the land
of Zarahemla. Now these sons of Mosiah were with
Alma at the time. the angel first appeared unto:him;.
therefore Alma did rejoice exceedingly, to'see his: breth-
ren; and what added more to his joy, they were still
his brethren in the Lord; yea, and they had waxed
strong in the knowledge of the truth; for they were
men ofa sound understanding, and.they had searehed
the scriptures diligently, that they might know. the
word of God. But this is not all: they had given
themselves to much prayer, and fasting, therefore they
had. the spirit of prophecy, and the spirit of revelation,
and when they taught, they taught with power and
authority of God. And they had been teaching the
word. of God -for the space of fourteen. years, among
the Lamanites, having had. much, success in bringing
many to the knowledge of the truth; yea, by the pow-
er of their words, many were brought: before the:altar
of God; to call on his name, and confess’ their-sins:be-
fore:him: ... Now. these are the.circumstances which at-
