flocks of Lamoni, according to the custom of the La-
manites. And after he had been in the service of the
king three days, as he was, with the Lamanitish ser-
vants, going forth with their flocks, to the place of
water, which was called the water of Sebus; (and all
the Lamanites drive their flocks hither, that they may
have water;) therefore as Ammon and the servants of
the king were driving forth their flocks to this place of
water, behold, a certain number of the Lamanites who
had been with their flocks to water, stood and scatter-
ed the flocks of Ammon, and the servants of the king,
and they scattered them insomuch that they fled many
ways.

Now the servants of the king began to murmur, say-
ing, now the king will slay.us, as he has our brethren,
because their flocks were scattered by the wickednesss
ofthese men. And they began to weep exceedingly,
saying, behold our flocks are scattered already. Now
they wept because of the fear of being slain. Now
when Ammon saw this, his heart was swollen within
him, with joy; for, said he, I will shew forth my pow-
er unto these my fellow servants, or the power which
is in me, in restoring these flocks unto the king, that
I may win the hearts of these my fellow servants, that
i may lead them to believe in my words. Now these
were the thoughts of Ammon, when he saw the afflic-
tions of those whom he termed to be bis brethren.

And it came to pass that he flattered them by his
words. saying, my brethren, be of good cheer and let
us go in search of the flocks, and we will gather them
together, and bring them back unto the place of water;
and. thus we will reserve the flocks unto the king, and
he will not slay us,

And it came to pass that they went in search of the
flocks, and they did follow Ammon, and they rushed
forth with much swiftness, and did head the flocks of
the king, and did gather them together again, to
the place of water. And those men again stood to
scatter their flocks; but Ammon said unto his breth-
ren, encircle the flocks round about that they flee not;
and I go and contend with these men who do scatter
our flocks... Therefore they did as Ammon command-
ed them, and he went forth and stood to contend with
those who stood by the waters of Sebus; and they
were in number not a few; therefore they did not fear
Ammon, for they supposed that one of their men could
slay him, aecording to their pleasure, for they knew
