not'that the Lord had promised Mosiah that he would.
deliver -his sons. out of their hands; neither did they
know-any thing concerning the Lord; therefore they
delighted in the destruction of their bretbren; and for
this cause they stood to scatter the flocks of the king.

But Ammon stood forth and began to’cast stones at
them with his sling; yea, with mighty power he did
sling stones amongst them; and thus he slew a cer-
tain number of them, insomuch that they began to be
astonished at his power; nevertheless they were angry:
because of the slain of their brethren, and they were
determined that he should fall; therefore, seeing that
they could not hit him with their stones, they cameo
forth with clubs to slay him. But behold, every man
that lifted his:club to smite Ammon, he smote off their
arms with his sword; for he did withstand their blows
by smiting their arms with the edge of his sword, in-
somuch that they began to.be astonished, and began to
flee before him; yea, and they were not few in num-
ber; and he caused them to flee-by the strength of his
arm. Now six of them had fallen by the sling, but he
slew none save’ it were their leader, with his sword;
and he smote off as many of their arms as were lifted
against him, and they were nota few. And when he
had driven them afar off, he returned, and they watered
their flocks and returned them to the pasture of the
king, and then went in unto the king, bearing the arms
which had been smote off by the sword of Ammon, of
those who sought to slay him; and they were carried
in unto the king, for a testimony of the things which
they had done.

And it came to pass that king Lamoni caused that
his servants should stand forth and testify to all the
things which they had seen concerning the matter.
And when they had all testified to the things which
they had seen, and he had learned of the faithfulness of
Ammon in preserving his flocks, and also of his great
power in contending against those who sought to slay
him, he was astonished exceedingly, and said, sure-
& this is more than a man.’ Behold, is not this the

reat Spirit who doth send such great punishments
upon this people, because of theirmurders? And they
answered the king, and said, whether he be the Great
Spirit or aman, we know not; but this much we do
know, that he cannot be slain by the enemies of the
king; neither can they scatter the king’s flocks when
