he is with us, because of his expertness and great
strength; therefore, we know that he is a friend to the
king. And now, O king, we donot believe that a man
has such graat power, for we know that he cannot be
slain. And now when the king heard these words, he
said unto them, now J know that it is the Great Spirit;
and he has come down at this time to preserve your
lives, that [ might not slay you.as I-did your brethren.
Now this is the Great Spirit of whom our fathers have
spoken. Now this was Lhe tradition of Lamoni, which
he had received fram-his father, that there was a Great
Spirit. Notwithstanding they believed in a Great
Spirit, they supposed that whatsoever they did, was
right; nevertheless, Lamoni began to fear exceedingly,
with fear lest he had done wrong in slaying his ser-
vants: for he had slain many of them, because their
brethren had scattered their flocks.at the place of water;
and thus because they had had their flocks seattered,
they were slain. Now it .was-the practice of the La-
manites, to stand by the waters of Sebus, to seatter
the flocks of the people, that thereby they might drive
away many that were scattered, unto their own land,
it being a practice of plunder among them.

And it came to pass that king Lamoni inquired of
his servants, saying where is this man that has such
great power? And they said unto him, behold, he is
feeding thy horses. Now the king had commanded
his servants previous to the time of the watering of
their flocks, that they should prepare his horses and
chariots, and conduct him forth to the lantidsof Nephi:
for there had been a great feast appointed at the land
of Nephi, by the father of Lainoni, who was king over
all the land. Now when king Lamoni heard that. Am-
mion was preparing his horses and-his chariots, he was
more astonished, because of the faithfulness of Am-
mon, saying, surely, there has not-been any servant
among all my servants, that has been so faithful as this
man; for even he doth: remember all. my command-
ments to execute them. Now i surely know that this
is the Great Spirit; and £ would desire him that he
eome in-unto me, but] durst not,

And. it came to pass that when Ammon had made
ready the horses and the chariots for the king and his
servants; he went. in unto the king, and he saw that
the countenance of the king was changed;, therefore
he Was about to returnout- of his presence; and one of
the king’s servants said unto him, Rabbanah, which is,
