Great Spirit? And he said, yea, ;And.Ammon said,
this is God. And. Ammon said unto :him again; be-
lievest thou that this Great Spirit, whois God, created
all things, -which are in heaven and in the earth?
And he said, yea, [believe that he created all things
which arein the earth; but I donot know, the heavens.
And Ammon said unto him, the heayens is.a place
where God dwells, and all his holy angels. And king
Lamom said, is it above the earth?) And Ammon said,
yea, and he looketh down upon all the. children of
men; and he knows all the thoughts and intents of
the heart: for by his hand were they all created, from
the beginning. And king Lamoni said, I believe all
these things which thou hast spoken. Art thou sent
from God? Ammon said unto him, J ama man; and
man in the beginning, was created after the image of
God, and I am called by his Holy Spirit to teach these
things unto this people, that they may be brought to
a knowledge of that which is just and troe; and a por-
tion of that Spirit dwelleth in me, which giveth me
knowledge, and also power, according to my faith and
desires which are in God. Now when Ammon had
said these words, he began to the creation of the world,
and also the creation of Adam, and told him all the
things concerning the fall of man, and rehearsed and
laid before him the records and the holy scriptures of
the people, which had been spoken by the prophets,
even down to the time that their father Lehi left Jera-
salem; and he also rehearsed unto them (for it was unto
the king and to his servants,) all the journeyings of
their fathers in the wilderness, and all their sufferings
with hunger and thirst, and their travel, &c.: and he
also rehearsed unto them concerning the rebellions of
Laman and Lemuel, and the sons of Ishmael, yea, al!
their iebellions did he relate unto-them; and he ex-
pounded unto them all the records and scriptures, from
the time that Lehi left Jerusalem, down to the pres-
ent time; but this is not all; for he expounded unto
them the plan of redemption, which was prenared from
the foundation of the world; and he also made known
unto them concerning the coming of Christ; and all
the works of the Lord did he make known unto them.

And it came-to pass that after he had said all these
things, and expounded them to the king, that the king
believed all-his words. And he began'to ery unto the
Lord, saying: O Lord, have merey; according to thy
abundant mercy which thou hast had upon the people
