of Nephi, have upon me and my people. And now
when he' had said this, he fell unto'the earth, as if he
were dead. And it came to pass that his servants took
him and carried him in unto his wife, and laid him
upon a bed; and he lay as if he were dead, for the
space of two days and two'nights; and his wife, and
his sons, and his daughters mourned over him, after
is manner of the Lamanites, greatly lamenting his
oss. .

And it came to pass that after two days and two
nights, they were about to take his body and lay it in
asepulchre which they had made for the purpose of
burying their dead. Now the queen having heard of
the fame of Ammon, therefore she sent and desired
that he should comein untoher. And it came to pass
thatAmmon did-as he was commanded, and' went in
unto the queen, and desired to know what she would
that he’ should do. And she said unto him, the ser-
vants of my husband have made it known unto me,
that thou art a prophet of a holy God, and that thou
hast power to do many mighty works in his name;
therefore, if this is the case, -I would that ye should go
in and see my husband, for he has been laid upon his
bed for the space of two days and two nights; and
some say that heis not dead, but others say that he is
dead, and that he stinketh, and that he ought to be
placed in the sepulchre; but as for myself, to. me he
doth not'stink. Now this was what Ammon desired,
for he knew that king Lamoni was under the power of
God; he knew that the dark veil of unbelief being cast
away from his mind, and the light which did light v
his mind, which was the light of the glory of God,
which was a marvelous light of his goodness; yea,
this light had infused such joy into his soul, the cloud
of: darkness having been dispelled, and that the light
of everlasting light was lit up in his soul; yea, he
knew that this had overcome his natural frame, and he
was carried’ away in God; therefore, what the queen
desired: of him,. was his only desire.  Therefore he
went in to see the king, according as the queen had
desived him; and he saw the king, and he knew that
hewas not dead. And he said unto the queen, he is
not dead, but he sleepeth in God, and on the morrow
he shall rige-again; therefore bury him not. And Am:
mon said unto her, believest thou this? And she’ said
unto him, J have had no witness, save thy word, and
the word of our servants; nevertheless, TI believe that
