it shall be according as thou hast said. And Ammon
said unto her, blessed art thou, because of thy exceed-
ing faith; I say unto thee, woman, there has not been
such great faith among all the people of the Nephites.

And it came to pass that she watched over the bed
of her husband,. from that time, even until that time
on the morrow which Ammon had appointed that he
should rise... And it came to pass that he arose, ac-
cording to the words of Ammon; and as he arose, he
streteted. forth his hand unto the woman, and said,
blessed be the name-of God, and blessed art thou; for
as sure as thou livest, behold, I have seen my Redeem-
er; and he shall come forth, and be born of a woman,
and he shall redeem all. mankind who believe on his
name. Now when he had said these words, his heart
was swollen within: him, and he sunk again with joy:
and the queen also sunk down, being overpowered by
the spirit... Now Ammon seeing the spirit of the Lord
- poured-out-according to his prayers upon the Laman-
ites, hisbrethren; who had been the cause of so much
mourning among-the Nephites, or among all the peo-
ple of God, because of. their iniquities and their tradi-
tions, he fell upon his knees, and began to pour out
his soul in prayer and thanksgiving to God, for what
heshad done for his brethren: and he was also over-
powered with joy; and thus they all three had sunk to
the earth. Now when the servants of the king had
seen that they had fallen, they also began to'cry unto
God, for the fear of the Lord had come upon them
also, for it-was they who had stood before the king,
and testified unto him concerning, the great power of
Ammon.

And it came to pass that they did call.on:the name
of the Lord, in their might, even until they had all
fallen to the earth, save it were one of the Lamanitish
women, whose:name was Abish, she having been con-
verted unto the Lord for many years, on account of
a remarkable vision of her father; thus having been
converted. to the Lord, never had made it. known;
therefore when she saw that all the servants of Lamo-
ni had fallen tothe earth, and also her mistress, the
queen, and the king, and Ammon lay prostrate upon
the earth, she knew that it was the power of God; and
supposing that this opportunity, by making known
unto the people what had happened among them, that
by beholding thisscene, it would cause them to believe
in’ the power. of God; thereforeshe-ran forth: from
