house to house, making it. known unto’ the people;
and they began to assemble themselves together unto
the house of the king. And there came a multitude,
and to their astonishment, they beheld the king, and
the queen, and their servants, prostrate upon the earth,
and they all lay there as though they were dead; and
they also saw Aminon, and behold, he. was a Nephite.
And now the people began to murmur among them-
selves; some saying, that it was a great evil that had
come upon them, or upon the king and his house, be-
cause he had suffered that the Nephite-should. remain
in the land. But: others rebuked them, saying, the
king hath brought this evil upon his house, beeause he
slew his servants who had had their flocks scattered at
the waters of Sebus; and they were also rebuked by
those’ men who had stood at the waters of Sebus, and
scattered the flocks which belonged to the king, for
they were angry with Ammon because of the number
which he had slain of their brethren at the waters of
Sebus, while defending the flocks of the king. Now
one of them, whose brother had been slain with the
sword of Ammon, being exeeeding angry with Am-
mon, drew his sword and went forth that. he might let
it fall upon Ammon, to slay him; and as he lifted the
sword to smite him, behold, he fell dead. Now we”
see that Ammon could not be slain, for the Lord:had
said unto Mosiah, his father, I will spare him, and it
shall be unto him according to thy faith; therefore
Mosiah trusted him unto the Lord.

And it cam? to pass that when the multitude beheld
that the man had fallen dead, who lifted the sword to
slay Ammon, fear came upon them all, and they durst
not put forth their bands to touch him, or any of those
who had fallen; and they began to marvel again
among themselves what could be the cause of this
great power, or what all these things could mean.

And it came to pass that there were many among
them, who said that Ammon was the Great Spirit, and
others said he was sent by the Great Spirit; but others
rebuked them all, saying, that he was a monster, who
had been sent from the Nephites to torment us; and
there were some who said that Ammon was sent b
the Great Spirit to afflict them, because of their ini-
quities; and that it-was the Great:Spirit that had al-
Ways attended the Nephites; who had:ever delivered

. them out of their hands; and they said that it was this
Great Spirit who had destroyed so many of theirbreth-
