ren, the Lamanites; and thus the contention began to
be exceeding sharp among them. And while. they
were thus contending, the woman servant who had
caused the multitude to be gathered together, came;
and when she saw the contention which was among
the multitude, she was exceeding sorrowful, even unto
tears.

And it came. to pass that she went and took the
queen by the hand, that perhaps she might raise her
from the ground; and as soon as she touched her hand,
she arose and stood upon her feet,. and cried with a
loud voice, saying, O blesseed Jesus, who has saved
me from an awful hell! O blessed God, have mercy
on this people. And when she had said this, she clasp-
ed her hands being filled with joy speaking many words
which were not understood; and when she-had done
this, she took the king, Lamoni, by the hand, and be-
hold he arose and stood upon his feet; and he imme.
diately, seeing the contention among his people, went
forth and: began to rebuke them, and to teach them
the words which he had heard from the mouth of Am-
mon; and as many as heard his words, believed, and
were conyerted unto the Lord. But there were many
among. them who would not hear his words; therefore
they went their way.

And it came to pass that when Ammon arose; he
also. administered unto them, and also did all the ser-
vants of Lamoni; and they did all declare unto the
people the self-same thing: that their hearts had been
changed; that they had no more desire to do eyil.
And behold, many did declare unto the people that
they had seen angels, and had conversed with them;
and thus they had told them things of God, and of his
righteousness. And_it came to pass that there were
many that did believe in their words; and as many as
did believe, were baptized; and they oecame a right-
eous people, and they did establish a church among
them: and thus the work of the Lord did commence
among the Lamanites; thus the Lord did begin to pour
out his spirit upon them; and we see that his arm is-
extended to all people who will repent and believe on
his name. . it

And it came to pags that when they lad. established
a. ehurch in that land, that king LLamoni desired. that
Ammon:should go with him tothe land of Nephi, that-
he might show Aa ante his father... And the voice of:
the Lord..came-to Ammon,-gaying,..thon:- shalt not. go:
