up to the land of Nephi,:for behold, the king will seek
thy life; but thou shalt go to the land of Middoni; for
behold, thy brother Aaron, and also Muloki and Am-
mah are in prison.

Now it came to pass that when Ammon had heard
this, he said unto Lamoni, behold, my brother and
brethren are in prison at Middoni, and I go that I may
deliver them. Now Lamoni said unto Ammon, [
know, in the strength of the Lord, thou canst do all
things. But behold, I will go with thee to the land of
Middoni; for the king of the land of Middoni, whose
name is Antiomno, is a friend unto me; therefore J go
to the land of Middoni, that I may flatter the king of
the land; and he will cast thy brethren out of prison.
Now Lamoni said unto him, whe told thee that my
brethren were in prison?) And Ammon said unto him,
no one hath told me, save it be God: and he said unto
me, go and deliver thy brethren, for they are in prison
in the land of Middoni. Now when Lamoni had heard
this, he caused that his servants should make ready his
horses, and his chariots. And he said unto Ammon
come, I will go with thee down to the land of Middo-
ni, and there [ will plead with the king, that he will
cast thy brethren out of prison.

And it came to pass that as Ammon and Lamoni
were journeying thither, that they met the father of La-
moni, who was king overall the land. And behold, the
father of Lamonisaid unto him, why did yeziot come to
the feast, on that great day when I made a feast unto
my sons, and unto my people? And he also said, whith-
er art thou going with this Nephite, who is one of the
children of a liar? And it came to pass that Lamoni
rehearst unto him whither he was going, for he feared
to offend him. And he also told him all the cause of
his tarrying in his own kingdom, that he did not go
unto his father, to the feast which he had-prepared.
And now when Lamoni had rehearsed unto bim all
these things, behold to his astonishment, his father
was angry with him, and said Lamoni, thou art going
to deliver these Nephites, who. are sons of a liar. Be-
hold, he robbed our fathers; and’now his children are
also come amongst us, that they may, by their cun-
ning and their lyings, deceive us, that they again may
rob'us of our property. Now the father of Lamoni
commanded him that he should slay Ammon, with the:
sword. Andhe alsocommarided him that: he should:
not'go to the’land of Middoni, but that he should te- 

&
