turn with hm, to the land-of- Ishmael. But, Lamoni
said unto’him, I will not slay Ammon, neither-will I
return to the land of Ishmael, but I] goto the land of
Middoni, that J may release the brethren of Ammon,
for I know that they are just men, and holy prophets
of the true God. Now when his father had heard
these words, he was angry with him, and he drew his
sword that he might smite him to the earth. But Am-
mon stood forth and said unto him, behold, thou shalt
not slay thy son; nevertheless, it were better that he
should fall than. thee: for behold, he has repented of
his sins; but if thou shouldst fall at this:time, in thine
anger, thy suul could not be saved. And again, it is
expedient that thou shouldst forbear; for if. thou
shouldst slay thy son, (he being an innocent man,)
his blood would cry from the ground, to the Lord his
Gad, for vengeance to come .upon thee; and. perhaps
thou wouldst lose t:y soul. Now when Ammon had
said these words unto him, he answered him, saying, I
know that iff should slay my son, that I should shed.1n-
nocent blood; for it is thou that hast sought to destroy
him: and he stretched forth his hand to sl.y Ammon.
But Ammon withstood his blows, and also smote his
arm that he could not use it. Now wien the king
saw that Ammon could slay him, he began to plead
with Ammon, that he would spare his life. But Am-
mon raised his sword, and said unto him, behold, I
will-smite thee, except thou wilt grant unto me that
my brethren may be cast out of prison. Now the
king, fearing he should lose his life, said, if thou wilt
spare me,  will grant unto thee whatsoever thou wilt
ask, even to half of the kingdom.

Now when Ammon saw that be had wrought upon
the old king according to his desire, he said unto him,
if thou wilt grant that my brethren may be cast out of
prison, and also that Lamoni may retain his kingdom,
and that ye be not displeased with him, but grant that
he may do according to his own desires, in whatsoev-
er thing he thinketh, then will] spare thee; otherwise
Iwill smite thee to the earth, Now when Ammon
had said these words, the king began to rejoice because
of his life. And when he saw-that Ammon had no
desire to destroy him, and when he also saw.the great
love he had for his son Lamoni,, he was astonished ex-
eecedingly, and gaid;’ because this is all that thou hast
desired, that-I-would release thy: brethren, and suffer
that my son Lamoni should retain his kingdom, behold,
