it'came to pass. that they. saw: that the. people. would
harden-their hearts; therefore they: departed, and’came
over into the land of Middoni. And they did preach
the: word unto many, and few believed on the words
which they taight.. Nevertheless, Aaron, and.a cer-
tain number of his brethren, were taken.and cast into
prison, and the remainder of them fled out of the land
of Middoni, unto the regions round about. And those
who were cast into prison suffered many things, and
they were delivered by the hand of Lamoni and Am-
mon; and they were fed and clothed. And they went
forth again to declare the word; and thus they were
delivered for the first time out of prison; and thus they
had suffered. And they went forth whithersoever
they were led by the spirit of the Lord, preaching the
word of God in every synagogue of the Amalekites, or
in every assembly of the Lamanites, where they could
be admitted.

And it came to pass that the Lord began to bless
them, insomuch that they brought:many to the know]-
edge of the truth; yea, they did convince many of
their sins, and of the tradition of their fathers, which
were not correct.

And it came to pass. that, Ammon and Lamoni re-
turned from the land of Middoni, to the land of Ishma-
el, which was the land of their inheritance. And king
Lamoni would not suffer that Ammon: should serve
him, or be his servant; but he caused that there should
be synagogues built in the land of Ishmael; and he
eaused that his people, or the people who were under
his reign, should assemble themselves together. And
he did rejoice over them, and he did teach them many
things.. And he did also declare unto them that they
were a people who were under him, and that. they
were a free people; that, they were free from the op-
pressions of the king, his father; for that his father
had granted unto him that he might reign over the
people who were in the land of Ishmael, and in all the
land round about. And he also declared unte them
that they might have the liberty of worshiping the
Lord. their God, according to their desires, in whatso-
ever place they werein, if it were in the land which
was’ under the reign of king Lamoni. And Ammon
did preach unto the people of king Lamoni.: And it
came to pass that hedid teach them all things concern-
ng things pertaining to righteousness. And he did
exhort them daily, with all diligence; and they gave
