as if he were dead, and also Aaron and his brethren
standing as though they had been the cause of hie fall,
she wag angry with them, and commanded that her
servants, or the servants of the king, should take them
and slay them. Now the servants had seen the cause
of the king’s fall, therefore they durst not lay their
hands on Aaron and his brethren; and they plead
with the queen, saying, why commandest thou that
we should slay these men, when behold, one of them
is mightier than us all? Therefore we shall fall before
them. Now when the queen saw the fear of the ser-
vats, she also began to fear exceedingly, lest there
should some evil come upon her. And she command-
ed her servants that they should go and call the peo-
ple, that they might slay Aaron and his brethren..
Now when Aaron saw the determination of the queen,
and he also knowing the hardness of the hearts of the
people, feared lest that a multitude should assemble
themselves together, and there should be a great con-
tention, and a disturbance among them; therefore he
put forth his hand and raised the king from the earth,
and said unto him, stand: and he stood upon his feet,
receiving his strength. Now this was done in the
presence of the queen, and many of the servants..
And when they saw it, they greatly marveled, and be-
gan to fear. And the king stood forth and began to
minister unto them. And he did minister unto them
insomuch that his whole household were converted un-
to the Lord. Now there was a multitude gathered to-
gether because of the commandment of the queen, and
there began to be great murmurings among them, be-
cause of Aaron a iia brethren. But the king stood
forth among them, and administered unto them. And
they were pacified towards Aaron, and those who were
with him.

And it came to pass that when the king saw that
the people were pacified, he caused that Aaron and his
brethren should stand forth in the midst of the mullti-
tude, and that they should preach the word unto them.
And it came to pass that the king sent a proclamation
throughout all the land, amongst all his people who
were in all his land, who were in all the regions round
about, which was bordering even to the sea, on the
east, and on the west, and which was divided from the
land of Zarahemla by a narrow strip of wilderness,
which ran from the sea east; evento the sca west, and
round about on the borders of the sea shore, and the
