borders of the wilderness which was on the north, by

the land of Zarahemla; through’ the borders of Mant
by. the head of the river Sine pasing irons theekat
towards the west; and thus were the Lamanites .and
the Nephites divided.” Now the more idle part of the
Lamanites lived in the wilderness, and dwelt in tents;
andthey were spread through the wilderness, on the
west, in the land of Nephi; yea, and also on the west
of the land of Zarahemla, in the borders, by the sea-
shore, and onthe west, in the land of Nephi, in the
place of their fathers’. first inheritance, and thus bor-
dering along by the seashore. And also there were
many Lamanites on the east by the seashore, whither
the Nephites had driven them. And thus the Nephites
were nearly surrounded by the Lamanites; neverthe-
less the.Nephites had taken possession of all the nor-
thern parts of the.land, bordering on the wilderness,
at the head of the river. Sidon, from: the east to the
West, round about on the wilderness side; on the
north, even until they cameto. the land, which they
ealled Bountiful.. And it bordered, upon the Jand
which they called Desolation; it being- so far, north-
ward that it came into: the land which had been peo-
pet and been destroyed, of whose bones we have spo-
en, which was discovered by the people of Zarahem-
la; it being the place of their first landing. And they
came from. there up into the south wilderness. © Thus
the land on the northward was called Desolation, and
the land on the southward wascalled Bountiful; 1t be-
ing the wilderness which is filled with all manner of
wild animals of every kind; a part of which had come
from the land northward, for food. And now it was
only. the distance of a day and a half’s journey fora
Nephite,-on the line Bountiful, and the land Desola-
tion, from the east to the west sea; and thus the land
of Nephi, and the land of Zarahemla, were nearly sur-
rounded by water; there being a small neck-of land
between the land northward, and the land southward. 
And it came to pass that the Nephites had inhabit-
ed-the land Bountiful, even from the east: unto:the
west sea, and thus the Nephites in their wisdom, with
their guards and:their armies; had hemmed in the La-
manites on the south, that thereby they should have
no more possession on the nerth, that they. might not
' overrun the land northward; therefore the Lamanites
sould have no more possessions only in the land’ of
