sands were brought to the knowledge of the Lord, yea,
thousands were brought to believe in the traditions.of
the Nephites;: and they were: taught the. records-and
the prophecies which: were handed down, even-tothe
present time; and ds sure as: the: Lord liveth, so:sure
as many as believed, or as many as were brought to
the knowledge of the truth, through the preaching of
Ammon and his brethren, according to the spirit: of
revelation and of prophecy, and the power of God,
working miracles in them; yea, I say unto you,’as the
Lord liveth, as many of the Lamanites as believed in
their: preaching, and were converted unto the Lord,
never did fall away, for they became a righteous: peo-
ple:: they did-lay.down the weapons of their rebellion,
that they did not fight against God-any more, neither
against any of their brethren. Now these are. they
who were converted unto'the Lord: the people of the
Lamanites who were in the land of Ishmael, and also
ofthe 'people:of the: Lamanites who were in the land
of Middoni, and also of the people of the Lamanites
who were in the city of Nephi, and also of the people
of the Lamanites eh were in the land of Shilom, and
who were in the land of Shemlon, and in the city of
Lemuel, and in the-city of Shimnilom;. and these are
the-names of the cities of the Lamanites which were
converted unto'the Lord; and these are they-that laid)
.down the weapons of their rebellion, yea, all their
weapons of war; and they were all. Lamanites: And
the: Amalekites were not converted, save onlyone;
neither were any of the Amulonites; but they did:har-
den their hearts, and also the hearts of the Lamanites
in'that part of the land wheresoever they dwelt; yea,
and all their. villages and all their:cities;. therefore we
have named all the cities. of: the Lamanites in which
they did repent and come to the knowledge of. the
trath, and were converted. roe
And now it came. to pass that the king and,those
who’ were converted, were desirous that they might
have a name, that thereby the might be distinguish-
ed from their brethren; therefore the king consulted
with’ Aaron and many of their priests; concerning the
nanie that they should take upon them, that they might
be distinguished, And iteame: to: pass’that they. call-
ed'their name Anti-Nephi-Lehies;. and: they: were:call-
ed by this:name; and were so morevcalled Lamanites..
And they began to’be avery-industrious people: yea,
andthey were friendly with the:Nephites; therefore
