they did open: a correspondence with them, and the
eurse.of.Goad did no more follow: them.
And it came to’ pass.that: the Amalekites, and the
Amulonites, and the Lamanites were in. the land -of
Amalon, and also’in the landof Helam, and who.-were
in the land of Jerusalem, and in fine, inall the-land
round .about, who had not been converted; and had
not taken. upon them the name of’ Anti-Nephi-Lehi,
were stirred up by the Amalekites, and-by the Amu-
lonites, to anger against their brethren; and their ha-
tred. became exceeding sore against them, even. inso-
much that -they -begamto-rebel. against. their king, in-
somuch’ that they’ would not that he should betheir
king; therefore they took up arms against the people
of Anti-Nephi-Lehi, © =...
Now the king conferred:the kingdom upon his son
and hecalled his name .Anti-Nephi-Lehi. And-the
king died in that self-same year that the Lamanites
began to make preparations for waragainst the people
of God... Now when. Ammon and: his brethren, and
all those who had come up with him, saw the prepar-
ationsof the Lamanites. to destroy. their: brethren,
they came forth’to the land of Midian, and there Am-
mon met all his brethren; and, from thence they came
to the land of Ishmael, that they might hold a council
with Lamoni, and-also with his . brother Anti-Nephi-
Lehi, :what they. shoulddo to defend . themselves
against the Lamanites. . Now there was not one soul
among all the people who had been converted unto
the Lord; that would take up arms against their breth-
ren; nay, they Would not even make any preparations
for war; yea, and also their king commanded them
that they should. not.:. Now these’ are. the words
which he said unto the people concerning the matter:
I thank my..God, my. beloved people,that our great
God has in goodness sent these our brethren, the Ne-
phites, anto us to :preach unto'us, and to convince us
of the traditions of our wicked fathers. ..And-behold,
I thank my great God. that he has given us a portion
of his spirit to soften our hearts; that.we:have opened
& Correspondence with these brethren, the Nephites;
and behold, I also thank: my-God that by opening this
_eorrespondence we have been convinced of, our sins,
and of the many murders.which we have committed;
and also thank my God, yea, my great.God, that he
hath granted ante us-that we might repent: of these
_ things, and also: that he hath forgiven us-of those our
