use: weapons again for the shedding: of man’s: blood;:
and this they did, vouching and covenanting: with
God, that rather than shed the blood of their brethren,
they would give up their own lives; andrather than
take away from a brother, they would. give unto him;
and rather than spend their days in idleness, they:
would labor abundantly with their hands; and thus
we see that when these Lamanites were brought to
believe and to know the truth, they were firm, and
would suffer even unto death, rather than commit sin;
and thus we see, that they buried the weapons of
peace, or they buried the weapons of war, for peace.

And it. came to pass that their brethren the Laman-
ites, made preparations for war, and came up to the
land of Nephi, for the purpose of destroying the king,
and to place another in his stead, and also of destroy-
ing the people of Anti-Nephi-Lehi out of the land.
Now when the people saw that they were coming
against-them, they went out to meet them, and pros-
trated themselves before them to the earth, and began
to call on the name of the Lord; and thus they were
in this attitude when the Lamanites. began to fall up-
on them, and began to slay them with tae sword;
and thus without meeting any resistance, they did
slay a thousand and five of them;:and we know that
they are blessed, for they have gone to dwell with
their God. Now when the Lamanites saw that their
brethren would not flee from the sword, neither would
they turn aside to the right hand: or to the lett, but
that they would lie down and perish, and praised God
even in the weranct of perishing under the sword;
now when the Lamanites saw this, they. did forbear
from slaying them; and there were many whose hearts
had swollen in them for those of their brethren who
had fallen under the sword, for they repented. of the
things which they had done. .

An it came to pass that they threw down. their
weapons of war, and they. would not take them again,
for they weresstung for the marders-which they had
committed; and they came down even:as their breth-
ren, relying upon the mercies of those whose arms
were lifted to:slay them. ox
And itcame:to:pass that the people of God were

se

gence that day’ by-more: thanthe number -who had

en slain; and those who: had: been:slain were'right-
eous people; therefore we have no reason to doubt but
what they-are saved: And there was not awicked
