as to my strength, lam! weakjetherefore:E will not:
boast of: myself,-but I will boast/ofim y:God;for-in his:
strengthJ~can.do. all. things; yeay behold, many
mighty miracles we have: wrought inthis. land, for
which: we will praise-his name: forever. Behold, how
many thousands of our:brethren: has he: loosed: from
the pains:.of hell;~and theyiare brought to sing redeem-
ing love: and this. because of the: power of his:word
which is'in us; therefore have we not great:reason to
rejoice? . Yea; we-have: reason-to praise him forever,
for he is the most high God, and-has loosed our breth-
ren from the chains-of hell. Yea, they were encircled
about with everlasting darkness and destruction; -but
behold, he has brought: them Snto’his everlasting light,
yea, into everlasting salvation;. and they are encircled
about with the matchless bounty:of his love; :yea, and
we have been instruments in his. hands,’ of doing this
great.and marvelous work; therefore let us glory, yea,
we will glory in the. Lord;. yea, we will-rejoice, for
our joy is. full;, yea, we -wilk praise. our God forever.
Behold, who'can glory too much inthe Lord?: Yea,
who.can.say too much:of. his: great power, and-of his
mercy, and of his Jong suffering.towards the-children
of men?. _Behold.J: say unto vyou;.I cannot say the
smallest part which: I feel,., Who could-have supposed
that our: God would have been: so merciful as to: have
snatened us from our awful, sinful, and polluted state?
Behold; we went forth even.in: wrath, with mighty
threatnings to destroy his church. O-then, why: did
he not consign us.to an. awful destruction; yea, why
did-he not.let the:swordof his justice fall upon us, and
doom.us to eternal-despair?. OQ. my soul, almost: as it
were, fleeth at.the.thought. Behold,:he did not:exer-
cise his justice upon us, but in his great mercy bath
brought us overlthat everlasting gulf of death and mise-
ry; even.to..the salvation of: our-souls: And’ new be- -
hold,..my:brethren, what natural man:is: there, that
knoweth these things?) I.say: unto~you; there is none
that knoweth these things, save it be the penitexit;
yea, he that repenteth and exerciseth faith,-and bring-
eth forth. good, works, and prayeth continually.without
ceasing: ,unto: such, itis given to know the mysteries
of God; yea, unto such it shall be: given to reveal
things: which, never have: been -revealed;, yea,: and it
shall be given nnisujaeh, Ae bring. thousands. of souls
to repentance, evenag; it: has: been) given, unto: us to
bring these our brethren to repentance. Now do y@
