remiember, my: brethren;:thatwe. said unte: our breth-,
ren-in-the:land of Zarahemla,-we go.up; tothe land of
Nephi,to-preach sito-our:brethren,the: Lamanites,,
and they langhedous to scorn? For; they said unto: us,’
do:ye suppose. thateye can’ bring: the Lamanites to the)
knowledgevof the:trutht.. Do ye suppose thatiye can
convince: the: Lamanites. of :the:ineorrectness-of the
traditions of their-fathers,..as stiffaecked: a, people as
they: are;. whose- hearts delight in: the shedding af
blood;. whose days have been spent in the grossest. ani-
quity; whose: ways: have:been the ways.of a trangres=
sor; drom: the: beginning? Now.-my-brethrenyx.ye.re-
membenthat thiswas-treir language: And :moreover,:
they-did-say, Jet us:takee up arms against them, that
we.destroy, them and their. iniquitysout.-of the land,
lest-they overruns and. destroy us. But behold,:my:
beloved : brethren,... .we.-came: into. the wilderness not
withthe intent; to.destroy our:brethren,, but. with the
intent that .perbaps we might save some ew. of their,
souls.  Now, when-our hearts were depressed, and we
were about to. turn: back, behold; .the Lord.comforted
us; and.said,.go:amongst thy brethren, the Lamanites,.
and bear -with: patience: thine afflictions;, and 1 will
give unto you suceess. .And now .behold,.we,,have
come, and been forth amongst them;..and. we. have
been patient.in our sufferings, and .we. have suffered
every. privation; yea, we haye:travelled, from-house.to
house, relying -upon.:the. inerciesof .the .world; not
upon: the. mercies:of the. worldalone, but ;upon.the
mercies’of Gods. And we have entered. into. their. hou-
ses and taught:them, and we have.taught them in their
streets; yea, and we have:taught them upon their hills;
and we have also entered into their temples and their
synagogues and taught them; and. we have been cast
out, and mocked, and spit;upon, and smote upon our
cheeks; and we have been stoned, and taken and bound:
with strong cords, and cast into prison; and through ”
the power and wisdout of God, we have been delivered

again; and we have suffered all manner of afflictions,

andallthis: that perhaps. .wemight be.the means of
saving some soul;, and. we supposed. that our, joy. would.
be:full, if: perhaps. sve-could Es the, means of saving ©
some: :Nowebekold,, we;.can dook..forth,.and sce the
fruits: of;our Jabors;-andjare they.tew? Lusay. unto
you; nay, they are: many )yea,.and..we can: witness
oftheir sincerity, -because.ef their love towards their
brethren; and ,also:towards,us.’,, For behold,.they had
