rather sacrifice: their livesy:thanevento take:the life
of their enemy; and they. have: buried their weapons
of war deep in the earth, because-of their love towards
their brethren... And now-behold Tsay unto: you, has’
there:been sogreat love in all-the land? . Behold, } say
unto you; nay; there has not even:among the Nephites,
For behoid, they would :take up-arms: against their
brethren; they would not sufferthemselves to be slain.
But behold, how many-of these have laid:down their
lives; and we know that they have gone to their God,
because of their love,:and of their hatred to sin. Now
have we not'reason to rejoice? Yea, I-say unto you,
there never were men that had so great reason to re-
joice as we, since the world began; yea, and my joy
is carried away, even. unto the boasting in. my God;
for he has all power, all wisdom, and all-understand-
ing; he comprehendeth all things, and he is a merciful
Being, even unto salvation, to those who'will repent
and. believe on bis name. Now if. this is boasting,
even so will I boast; for this is my life and my light,
my joy and my salvation, and my redemption Fon
everlasting wo. Yea, blessed is the name. of my God,
who has-been mindful of this people, who'are a branch
of the tree of Israel, and. has been lost from its body,
ina strange Jand;. yea, I-say, blessed be the name of
my God, who has deen mindful of vs wanderers in a
strange land. Now my brethren, we see that God is
mindful of every people, in whatseever land they may
be in; yea; he numbereth his people, and his bowels
of mercy are over all. the earth. Now this is my joy,
and my great thanksgiving; yea, and Twill give shanks
unto my God forever. Amen.

aff

CHAPTER XV.

Now it came to pass that when those Lamanites
who had gone to war against the Nephites, had found,
after their many struggles to-destroy them, that it was
in vain to-seek their destruction, they returned again
to the land of Nephi. . And itcame: to .pass that the
Amalekites, because of their-loss, were’exeeeding an-
gry. And when they saw’ that they could not seek
revenge from the Nephitesy they began to stir up the


