people in anger against their: brethren, the people’ of
Anti-Nephi-Lehi; therefore they began again to’ de-
atroy them. Now this people again ¥efused to take
their arms, and they suffered themselves to be slain
aceording to the desires of their enemies. ' Now when
Ammon and his brethren saw this work of destruction
among those who they so dearly beloved, and among
those who had so dearly beloved them;’ for they were
treated as though they were angels sent from Godto
save them from everlasting destruction; therefore,
when Ammon and his bretbren saw this great work-of
destruction, they were moved with compassion, and
they said unto the king, let us gather together thie
people of the Lord, and let us go: down to the land of
Zarakemla, to our brethren, the Nephites, and fiee
out of the: hands of our enemies, that we be not:de-
stroyed. But the king said unto them, behold, the
Nephites will desiroy us, because of the many mur-
ders and sins we have committed against them. And
Ammon said, I will go and inquire of the Lord, and if
he say unto us, go down unto: our brethren, will ye
go? And the king said: unto him yea; if the Lord
saith unto us go, we will go down unto our brethren,
and we will be their slaves until’ we repair unto them
the many murders and sins which we have committed
against them. But Ammon said unto him, itisagainst
the law of our brethren, which was established-by my
father, that there should be any slaves among them;
therefore let us go down and rely upon the mercies of
our brethren. But the king said unto him, inquire of
the Lord, and if he saith unto-us go, we will go; oth-
erwise we will perish in the land. ane Ss
And it came to pass that Ammon went and inquired
of the Lord, and the Lord said unto him, get. this
people out of this land, that they perish not, for satan
jas great hold on the hearts of the Amalekites, who .
do stir up the Lamanites to anger against their breth- .
ren, to slay them; therefore get thee out of this land;
and blessed’are this people in’ this generation; for I
will preserve them. ; a:
And nowt came to pass that Ammon went and told
the king all the words which the: Lord had said unto
him. And’ they gathered together all their people;
yea, all the people of the Lord, and did gather togeth-
er all their flocks and herds, and departed out of the
land, and came into’ the wilderness which divided the
