Now-it came! to pass: that, when Amoron: had heard.
this; he returued.to the: people, of Anti-Nephi-Lehi,,
and also. Alma with him,-into, the wilderness,. whence:
they had pitched their tents,.and. made known unto
them all these things.;.And,Alma also related.unto
them: his conversion’ with Ammon} and Aaron,-and
his brethren. -And it came,;to .pass that it did cause
great joy among them..And: they, went,.down, into.
the land of Jershon, and took.possession of the land.of
Jershon; and they were. called . bythe. Nephites. the
people of Ammon: -therefore. they were distinguished
by that name ever,.after; and they were. among: the
people of Nephi, and also numbered among. the.people
who wereof the church of God. ..And they: were also.
distinguished for their zeal towards. God, and,algo to-
wards men; for they were, perfectly honest..and,.up-
right:in all things; and they,.were firm.in. the: faith of
Christ, even unto the end. .And_they did look upon
shedding the blood of their brethren.with the. greatest
abhorence; and they: never could be prevailed upon to
take -up.arms against their .brethren;..and..they: never
did:look upon death with any degree of terror for their
hope’and views of Christ and the resurrection;. there-
fore death was swallowed pp to-them by. the victory of
Christ over-it; therefore they would suffer, death. in
the most aggravating and: distressing. manner: which
eould be inflicted by their brethren, before they would
take the sword orsthe cimeter to. smite.them... And
thus they were a zealous and beloved people, a highly
favored people. of the Lord, agos'he Ssh a paapee
And.now it came. to pass that after the. people of
Amnion were established in. the land-of Jershon, and
a charch also established in. the land.of Jershon; and
the armies of the Nephites were set. round. about the
and of Jershon; yea, in all the borders round about:
the land of Zarahemla;. behold the armies of the La-
manites: had followed their brethren into. the wilder-
hess. -Andthus.there was a tremendous battle; yea, \
even such an one as never had been known among alk
the peoplein.the land from the time Lehi left Jerusa-
lem; -yea;:and tens of thousands of. the Lamanites
were slain-and scattered-abroad.  Yea, and.also there
was a tremendous: slaughter. among the people of Ne.
phi; nevertheless, the--Lamanites were.driven and
scattered, and the people of Nephi returned, again to
their land. And now this. was.a time that, there wag
& great mourning. and lamentation heard throughout
