deny again that there isa: God, and also.:deny the)
Christ? for behold, I say unto you, I-know there isa:
God, and, also that Christ shall. come. And -now,
what evidence have ye that-there is: no: God; or. that
Christcometh not? 1 say -unto a that ye have
none, save it be your-word only... But behold;.f have
all things-as.a testimony that these: things are. true;
and ye also have all things'as a testimony unto you
that:they are true; and will ye-deny them? Behey-
est thou that these things are true? Behold, 1. know
that thou-believest, but: thou.art possessed witha ly-
ing spirit, and ye haye put off the spiritvof .God, that
it may-have no place:in you;..but-the devil: has power
over you, and he,doth carry you about, working de-
vices, that he may destroy: the. children of God.  And
now Korihor said unto Alma, if thou. wilt shew mea
sign, that I may. be convinced that there is a God,
ea, shew unto me that he hath power, and then will
Tbe convinced of the trath of:thy. words... But-Alma
said unto him,-thou-hast had signs. enough; will. ye
tempt your God? Will ye say; shew unto me'a sign;
when ye have the testimony: of all-these:thy. brethren,
and also all.the holy prophets?:. The scriptures. are
Jaid before thee, yea, and all things denote: there isa
God;yea, even the earth, and all things: that are up-
on the face of it, yea,.and its motion; yea;,and. also
all.the planets which. move in-their regular form, doth
witness that there is a Supreme Creators and yet do
ye go:abont, leading away the hearts. ofthis: people,
testifying unto them there is:no God? And: yet will
ye deny against. all these witnesses? And he: said,
yea, Iwill deny, except ye.shall shew me.a sign.
And now it came to pass that: Alma:said unto him,
behold, -am grieved, because: of the hardness, of: your
heart;yea; that ye avill, still, resist’ the: spirit , ofthe
truththatAhy soul maybe destroyed.,: But behold, it
isbettersthat:thy:soul should :be: lost,-than. that thou
shouldest:be:the means of bringing many.souls down
to destruction, by thy lying’ and by. thy~-flattering
words; therefore if thou shalt deny -again, behold;
God-shall smite-thee,. that:thou shalt become dumb,
that thou:shait never epen-thy rnouth any more, that
thou shalt-notdeegive..thiswpeople anymore. Now
Korihor sridvuntochim,: ldo not-deny:the existenceof
a God, but: donot believe that there iaw God; and I
say also, that yerdo not know that: there/is’ a: God;
and exceptiye'shew'me aysign, ki will not believe
