be

Now it.came.to pass that after Alma and his breth-

ren, and his sons, had: heard these prayers, they were

astonished beyond all measure. For benold, every
man did go forth and offer up the same prayers. Now
the place was-called by. them. Rameumptom, which
being interpreted, is the Holy Stand. Now from this
stand, they did offer up, every man, the. self-same
prayer unto God, thanking their God that they were
chosen of him, and that. he-did not lead them away
after the tradition of their brethren; and-that their
hearts were not stolen away to believe in things to
come, which they knew nothing about.

Now after the people had all offered up thanks after
this manner, they’ returned to their homes, never
speaking of their God again, until they had assembled
themselves together again, to the holy stand, to. offer
up thanks after their- manner... Now when. Alma saw
this, his heart was grieved: for he saw that they were
a wicked:-and a perverse people; yea, he saw’ that
their hearts were set upon gold, and upon silver, and
upon all manner of fine goods. Yea, and he also saw
that their hearts were lifted up unto great boasting,
in their pride... And he lifted up his voice to heaven,
and cried, saying: O how long, O Lord, wilt thou
suffer that thy. servants shall. dwell here below in the
flesh, to. beholdsuch. gross wickedness among. the
children of men. Behold,.O God, they ery unto thee,
and yet their:hearts are. swallowed sup in their pride.
Behold, O God, they ery unto thee with their mouths,
while they are puffed up, even to greatness, with the
vain things of tae.world. Behold, O my God, their
costly apparel, and their ringlets, and their bracelets,
and. their ornaments. of gold, and.all their precious
things which they are ornamented with; and behold,
their hearts.are set upon them, and yet they cry unto
thee.and say, we thank thee, O God, for we area
chosen people unto thee, while others shall .perish..
Yea, and they say that thou hast made it known unto
them, that there shall be no Christ:. O. Lord God,
how long: wilt. thou suffer that such wickedness and
iniquity shall be among this peoplet. O Lord, wilt
thou. give me strength, that I may. -bear.with mine in-
firmities?-for J.am infirm, and.such wickedness among
this people doth pain. my’soul....O. Lord, my heart is
exceeding sorrowful; avilt;thou; comfort my soul in
Christ? O:Lord, wilt thou grant unto:me:that I may
have strength, that I may suffer with patience these
