compare the word’unto a.seed. Now.if ye give place,
that a seed may be planted in your heart, behold, if it
be a 4rue seed, or a good.seed, if. ye do not cast it out
by your-unbelief, that ye will resist the spirit.of the
Lord, behold, it will begin to swell within your breasts;
and when you feel these swelling motions, ye will be-
gin to say .within yourselves, if must. needs be that
this is a -good seed, or that the word is. good, for it be-
ginneth to enlarge my soul; yea, it beginneth to en-
lighten my understanding; yea, and it beginneth to be
delicious tome. Now behold, would not this increase
your faith?. I say unto you, yea; nevertheless it hath
not grown up to a perfect knowledge. But behold, as
the seed .swelleth, and sprouteth, and beginneth to
grow, then ye must needs say, that the seed is good;
for behold it swelleth, and sprouteth, and beginneth to
grow. And now behold, are ye sure that this is a good
seeu? .I say unto you, yea;. for every, seed bringeth
forth unto its own likeness; therefore, if'a seed grow-
eth, it is good; but if, it. groweth not, behold, it is not
good; therefore itis cast away. And now, behold,
because ye have tried the experiment, and, planted the
seed,.and it swelleth, and sprouteth,.and beginneth to
grow, ye must needs know that the setd is-good..
And now behold, ,is your knowledge perfect? _ Yea,
your knowledge is perfect in that thing, and your faith
is dormant; and this because you know; for ye know
that:the word hath swelled your souls, and ye also
know that it hath sprouted..up,.that your understand-
ing doth begin to be enlightened, and.your mind doth
begin to expand... O then,:is not this real? I.say un-
to. you, -yea;. because it is light;.and. whatsoever is
light,-is good, because it is discernible; . therefore ye
must know that.itis good. And now-behold, after ye
have tasted. this light, .is your. knowledge: perfect!.
Behold, Tsay, unto-you, nay: neither must ye lay aside
your faith, for ye. have only exercised. your faith to
plant the. seed, that ye:might try. the experiment, to
snow if the seed.was good. .And behold, as the tree
beginneth to. grow,, ye-will say, , let us nourish iv with
great care, that.if, may. get root, that.it may, grow up
and bring forth fruit unto,us. And now behold, if ye
nourish it with..much.care, it, will.get: root, and grow
up, and bring, forth fruit.,.But if ye neglect the. tree,
and, take no thought: for its nourishment, behold, it
will not. get any.root;, and. when the. heat of the sun
cometh and scorcheth it, because it hath no-root, tt
