an enemy.to all righteousness. Cry unto him over
the crops of your fields, that-ye may prosper in them;
ery over. the flocks of your fields, that they may in-
crease. But. this is not all: ye must pour out your
souls in your closets, and your secret places, and in
your wilderness; yea, and when you do not cry unto
the Lord, let your. hearts be fall, drawn out in prayer
unto him cantinually for your welfare, and also for the
welfare of those who are around you.
Aad now behold, my beloved brethren, T say unto
you, do not supdese that this ts all; for atter ye have
done ali these things, if ye turn away the needy, and
the naked, and visit not the sick and afflicted, and im-
part of your substance, if ye have, to those who stand
in need; [ say unto you, if ye donot any of these
things, behold, your prayer is vain, and availeth you
nothing, and ye are as hypocrites who do deny the
faith; therefore, if ye do not remember to ba charita-
ble, ye are as dross, which the refiners do cast out, (it
being of no worth,) and is trodden under foot of men.
And now, my brethren, I would that after ye have
reesived so many witnesses, seeing that the holy
scriptures testify of these things, come forth and bring
fruit unto repentance; yea, I would that ye would
come forth and harden not your hearts any longer; for
behold, now is the time, and the day of your salvation;
aml therefore, if ye will repent and harden not your
hearts, iminediately shall the great plan of redemption
bebrought aboutunto you. Tor behold, this life is the
time for men to prepare to meet God; yea, behold, the
day of this life is the day for men to perform their la-
bors. And now as I said-unte you before, as ye have
had so many witnesses,’ therefore 1 beseech of you,
that ye do not procrastinate the day of your repent-
ance.until the end; for afier this day of life, which.is
given us to prepare for eternity, behold, if we.do not
improve our time while in this life, then cometh the
night of darknesss, wherein there can be no labor per-
formed. Ye cannot say, when ye are brought to that
awfuberisis, that L will repent, that I will return to
wy God. : Nay, ye eannot say. this; for that same
spirit which doth possess:your bodies at the time that
ye go:out of this life, thatsame spirit: will have power
topossess your body in: that eternal world. For be-
hold, if ye have procrastinated the day: of your repent-
ance, even until death, behold, ye have become
ted:to:the spirit of the devil, and:he doth seal yowhil;
