their wives, and children, and their lands... Now Al-
ma, being grieved: for the iniquity of his people, yea
for the wars, and the bloodsheds, and the contentions
which were among them; andvhaving been to-declare
the word, or sent to declare the word, among all the
people in every city; and seeing that the hearts of the
people began to wax hard, and that they began to be
offended because of the strictness of the word, his heart
was exceeding sorrowful; therefore, he caused that his
sons should be gathered together, that he might give
unto them every one his charge, separately, concern.
ing the things pertaining unto righteousness. And
we have an account of his commandments, which he
gave unto them according to his own record.

CHAPTER XVII.
The commandments of Alina, to his son Helaman.

My son, give ear to: my words; for I swear unto
you, that inasmuch as ye shall keep the command-
ments of God, ye shall prosper in the land. J] would
that ye should do as I have done, in remembering the
captivity of our fathers; for they were in bondage,
and none’ could deliver them, except-it was the God
of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Ja-
cob; and he surely did deliver them in their afflictions.
And now, O my son Helaman, behold, thou art in thy
youth, and therefore I beseech of thee that thou wilt
hear my words, and learn of me; for 1 do know that
whosoever shall put their trust in God, shall. be sup-
ported in. their trials, and their troubles, and their af
dictions, and shall be lifted up at the last day; andl
would not thet ye think that: I-know of myself, not
of the temporal, but of the spiritual; not of the carnal
mind, but of God, Now behold Isay unto you, if 1
had not:been. born of God, I should not -have known
these things; but'God has; bythe mouth of his: holy
angel, made these things.known unto me, not of any
worthiness of: myself, for T-went about with the sons
of Mosiah, seeking to destroy the church of Ged; but
behold, God'sent his holy,angel: to stop us by the waJ-
And behold, he spakeunto us; as it were’ the voice of
