thunder, and the whole.earth did tremble beneath our
feet, and we all.fell: to the earth, for the fear of the
Lord came-upon us... But behold, the voice said unto
me, arise. And IT arose and stood up, and belield the
angel. And he said unto me, if thou wilt of thyself
be destsoyed, seek no more to destroy the church of
God.

And it came to pass that I fell to the earth: and it
was for the space of three days and three nights, that
I could not open my mouth; neither had I the use of
my limbs. And the angel spake more things unto
ine, Which were heard by my brethren, bat 1 did not
hear them; for when I heard the words, if thou wilt
be destroyed of thyself, seek no more to destroy the
church of God, I was struck with such great fear and
amazement, lest perhaps [ should be destroyed, that I
fall to the earth, and I did hear no more; but J was
racked with efernal torment, for my soul was harrow-
edup to the greatest degree, and racked with all my
sins. Yea, I did remember all my sins and iniquities,
for which [ was tormented with the pains of hell; yea, I
saw that [ had rebelled against my God, and that J had
not kept his holy commandments; yea, and [ had mur-
dered many of his children, or rather led them away
unto destruction; yea, and in fine, so great had been
my iniquities, that the very thoughts of coming into
the presence of my God, did rack my soul with inex-
pressible horror. O, thought I, that I could be ban-
ished and become extinct both soul and body, that I
might not be brought to staad in the presence of my
God, to be judged of my deeds. And now, for three
days and for three nights was I racked, even with the
pains of a damned soul. .

And it came to pass that as J was thus racked with
torment, while I was harrowed up by the memory of
my many sins, behold, I remembered also to have
heard my father prophesy unto the people, conceriing
the coming of one Jesus Christ, a Sun of God, to
atone for the sins of the world. Now as my mind
caught hold upon this thought, I cried within my
heart, O Jesus, thou Son.of God, have mercy on me,
who art in the gall of bitterness, and art encircled
about by the everlasting chains of death. And now.
behold, when. I thought this, I could remember. my
pains no more; yea,  was harrowed up by the mem-
ory of my sins no more. And O, what joy, and.what
marvelous light I did behold; yea, my soul was filled.
