with joy as exceeding as was my pain; yea, I say un-
to you, my son, that there could be nothing so exquis-
ite and so bitter, as was my pains. Yea, and again I
say unto you, my son, that on the other hand, there
can be nothing so exquisite and. sweet as was my joy;
yea, me thought I saw even as our father Lehi saw,
God sitting upon his throne, surrounded with number-
less concourses of angels, in the attitude of singing
and praising their God; yea, and my soul did Jong to
be there. But behold, my limbs. did receive their
strength again, and I stood upon my feet, and did
manifest unto the people that I had been born of God;
yea, and from that time, even until now, I have labor-
ed without ceasing, that  might bring souls unto re-
pentance; that J might bring them to taste of the ex-
ceeding joy of which I did taste; that they might also
be born of God, and be filled with the Holy Ghost.
Yea, and now behold, O my son, the Lord doth give
me exceeding great joy in the fruit of my labors; for
because of the word which he has imparted unto me,
behold, many have been born of God, and have tasted
as I have tasted, and have seen eye to eye, as  have
seen; therefore they do know of.these things of which
I have spoken, as I do know; and the knowledge
which I have is of God. And I have been supported
under trials and troubles of every kind, yea, and in all
manner of afflictions; yea, God has delivered me from
prison, and from bonds, and from death: yea, and I
do put my trust in him, and he will-still deliver me;
and J know that he will raise me up at the last day,
to dwell with him in glory; yea, and I will praise him
forever, for he has brought our fathers.out of Egypt,
and he has swallowed up the Eyptians in the red sea;
and he led them by his pow-r into the promised land;
yea, and he has delivered. them out of bondage. and
captivity, from time to time; yea, and he has also
brought our fathers out of the land of Jerusalem; and
he has also, by his everlasting power, delivered them
out. of bondage and captivity, from time to time, even
down to the present day; and I have always.retained
in remembrance their captivity; yea, and ye also
ought to retain in remembrance, as [ have done, their
captivity. But behold, my son, this is not all: for ye
ought-to. know, as Ido know; that inasmuch as ye
shail keep the commandments of God, ye shall pros:
per in the land;: and ye ought to.know, also,. that inas-
mueh as ye will not, keep tne commandments of God,
