ye shall be cut off from his presence. Now this is ac-
cording to his word,

And now my son Helaman, I command you that ye
take the records which have been entrusted with me;
and  also command you that ye keep a record of this
people, according as I have done, upon the plates of
Nephi, and keep all these things sacred which I have
kept, even as 1 have kept them: for it is for a wise
purpose that they are kept; and.these plates of brass
which contain these engravings, which have the re-
cords of the holy scriptures upon them, which have
the genealogy of our forefathers, even from the begin-
nig. And behold, it has been prephesied by our fa-
thers, that they should be kept and handed down from
one generation to another, and be kept and preserved
by the hand of the Lord, until they should go forth
unto every nation, kindred, tongue and people, that
they shall know of the mysteries contained thereon.
And now behold, if they are kept, they must retain
their brightness; yea, and they will retain their bnght-
ness: yea, and also shall all the plates which do con-
tain that whichis holy writ. Now ye may suppose that
this is foolishness in me; but behold I say unto you, that
by small and simple things, are great things brought to
pass; and small means in many instances, doth con-
found the wise. And the Lord God doth work by
means to bring about his great and eternal purposes;
and. by very small means the Lord doth confound the
wise, and bringeth about the salvation of many souls.
And now, it has hitherto been wisdom in God, that
these things should be preserved: for behold, they
have enlarged the memory of this people, yea, and
convinced many of the error of their ways, and
brought them to the knowledge of their God, unto
the salvation of their souls. Yea, 1 say unto you,
were it not for these things that these records do con-
tain, which are on these plates, Ammon and his breth-
ren could not have:convinced so many thousands-of
the Lamanites, of the incorrect tradition .of their:fa-
thers; yea, these records and their words, brought
them unto repentance; that is, they brought them to
the knowledge of the Lord their God, and: to rejoice
in Jesus Christ, their redeemer. And: who. knoweth
but what they will be the means of bringing many
thousands of them, yea, and also many thousands. ef:
our. stiffnecked brethren, the Nephites, who are now
hardening their hearts in sin: and -iniquities, to the
