fal, and forgot to exercise their faith and diligence,
and then those marvelous works ceased, and they did
not progress in their journey; therefore they tarried
in the wilderness, or did net travel a direct course,
and were afflicted with hunger and thirst, because of
their transgressions.

And now my son, I would that ye should under-
stand that these things are not without a shadow; for
as our fathers were slothful to give heed to this com-
pass, (now these things were temporal,) they did not
prosper; even so it is with things which are spiritual.
For behold, it is as easy to give heed to the word. of
Christ, which will point to you a straight course to
eternal bliss, as it was for our fathers to give heed to
this compass, which would point unto them a straight
course to the promised land. And now [ say, is there
notatypein this thing? For just as suredly as this
director did bring our fathers, by following its course,
to the promised land, shall the words of Christ, if we
follow their course, carry us beyond this vale of sor-
row, into a far better land of promise.

O my son, do not let us be slothful because of the
easiness of the way; for so was it with our fathers;
for so was it prepared for them, that if they would
look, they might live; even so itis withus.. The way
is prepared, and if we will look, we may live forever.
And now my son, see that ye take care of these sacred
things; yea, see that ye look to God and live. Go
unto this people, and declare the word, and be sober,
My son, farewell.

.

CHAPTER XVIIL
The commandments of Alma, to his soz Shiblon.

My son, give ear to my words: for I say unto you,
even as I said unto Helaman, that inasmuch as ye
shall keep the commandments of God, ye shall pros-
per in the land; and inasmuch as ye will'no\ keep the
commandments. of God, yeshall be cast off\from his
presence... And now my son,'I trust that I shall haw.

tijoy in you, because-of. your steadiness aid you
ithfulness unto,God; for as.you have commeice

 
 
  
