brethren; but rather say,-O Lord, forgive my unwor-
thiness, and remember. my brethren in mercy; yeay
acknowledge your. unworthiness before God at all
times.. And may the Lord bless-your soul, and receive
you at the-last day into his kingdom, to sit down in
peace. Now go, my son, and teach the word unto this
people. Be sober. My son, farewell.

CHAPTER XIX.
The Commandments of Alma, to his son Corianton.

Asp now my son, I have somaiwhat more to say unto
thee than what I said unto thy brother: for behold, have
ye not observed the steadiness of thy brother, his faith-
fulness, and his diligence in keeping the command-
ments of God? Behold, has he not set a good exam-
ple for thee? For thou didst not give so mucl: heed
unto my words as did thy brother, among the people
of the Zoramites. Now this is what I have against
thee; thou didst go on unte boasting in thy strength,
and thy wisdom. And this is not all, myson. Thou
didst do that which was grievous unto me; for thou
didst forsake the ministry, and did go over into’the
land of Siron, among the borders of the Lamanites,
afler the harlot Isabel; yea, she did steal away the
hearts of many; but this was no excuse for thee, my
son. Thou shouldst have tended to the ministry,
wherewith thou wast entrasted. Know ye not, my son,
that these things are an abomination in the sight of the
Lord; yea, most abominable’ above all sins, save it be
the shedding of innocent.bloood, or denying the Holy
Ghost? for behold, if ye deny the Holy Ghost when
it once has had place in you, and ye know that. ye de-
ny it; behold, this is asin which is unpardonable; yea,
and whosoever murdereth against-the light and know-
ledge of God, it is not easy for him to obtain forgive-
ness; yea, I say unto you; my son, that it is not easy
for him to. obtain. a.forgivenss.. And now.my son, Io,
would to God that ye-had not been guilty of so greatia
crime..: [ would not dwell upon:your crimes, to harrow
up your soul, if it werenetfor your good. : But behold,
yecanuot hide yourcrimes from God; and except yere-
