more which dothworry:your mind, which ye cannot
understand, which is concerning the justice of God, in
the punishment of the sinner:: for yedo try to. suppose
that-it is injustice that:the sinner should be consigned
to a state of misery. . Now behold, my son, I will ex-
plain this thing’unto thee: for behold, after the Lord
God sent our. first parents forth from the garden of
Eden to: till the ground, from whence they were taken;
yea, he drew out the man, and he placed at the east
end.of the garden of Eden, Cherubim, anda flaming
sword which turned every way, to keep the tree of life.
Now-we see that the man had became as God, know-
ing good and evil; and lest he should put forth his
hand, and take also of the tree of life, and eat, and
live forever, the Lord God placed Cherubim and the
flaming sword, that he should not partake of the fruit;
and thus we see, that: there was.a time granted unto
man, to repent, yea; a probationary time, a time to re-
pent and-serve God. For behold, if Adam: had put
forth-his hand immediately, and partook:.of the tree of
life, he-would have lived forever; according to the
word of God, having no space for repentance; yea,
and also-the word of God would-hayve been void, and
the great plan of salvation, would have been frustrated.
But behold, it was appointed unto man to die; there-
fore us they were cut off from the tree of life, they
should be cut off from the face of the earth; and man
became lost forever; yea, they became fallen man.
And now we see by this, that. our:first parents were
cut off, both temporally and spiritually, from the press
ence of the Lord; and. thus we see they became sub-
jects to follow after their own will, Now behold, it
was not expedienti that man should be reclaimed from
this temporal. death, for that would destroy the great
plan of happiness; therefore, as the soul: could never
die, and the fall-had brought upon.all mankid a spirit-
ual death as well.as a temporal; that-is, they were cut
off from. the presence of the Lord; it was. expedient
that: mankind should: be reclaimed from: this:spiritual
death; therefore as: they had become carnal, sensual
and devilish, by nature, this probationary-state became
a.state for them to prepare: it became a preparatory
state. And-now remember,:my son, if it: were not-for
the plan.of redemption, (laying: it-aside,) as-soon as
they were dead, their souls were miserable, being cut
off from the presence of the’ Lord.::/:And now. there-was
no:means to:reclaim men fiom this’ fallen state which

&
