man had: brought upon himself, becatse. of his own
disobedience; therefore, according to justice, the plan
of redemption could not be brought about, only, on
conditions of repentance of men in this probationary
state; yea, this..preparatory state;. for except it were
for these conditions,” mercy could not take effect ex-
cept it should destroy the work of justice. Now the
work of justice’ could -not. be destroyed: if'so, God
would cease to be God.. And thus we see. that all
mankind. were fallen, and. they were in the. grasp of
justice; yea, the justice of God, which consigned them
forever to be cut off from-his presence... And now-the
planof mercy could not be brought:about, except an
atonement shouldbe made; therefore God himself aton-
eth forthe-sins of the world, to! bring about the plan
of mercy, to appease the demands of justice, that God
might be a perfect, just-God, and a'merciful God also.
Now repentance could not come unto men, except
there were-a punishment, which also was as eternal as
the. life of the soulshould be, :affixed.opposite to the
plan-of happiness, which was as eternal’also.as the life
of the soul. -- Now, how could a man repent, except
he should sin?: How could he sin, if there was nolaw,
how could there -be' a law, save there was.a punish-
ment? Now’ there was a punishment affixed, anda
just law given, which brought remorse of conscience
unto man. Now: if there-was no law given, if a man
murdered he should die, would he be afraid he should
die if he should. murder? And also; if there was.no
law given: againstsin, men would -not. be afraid to
sin.” And if there-was no law given if men sin-
ned, what could justice do, or mercy either: for
they. would have: noclaim upon the creature. But
there isalaw: given, and a punishment. affixed,
and. repentance granted; which repentance, mercy
claimeth:  otherwise, justice .claimeth . the’ creature,
and -executeth the law, and the law inflicteth: the
punishment; if not so, the works.of' justice would be
destroyed, and: God would cease tobe God. But God
conseth not'to be: God, and mercy elaimeth the pent-
tent, and merey:cometh because of the atonement; and
the-atonement bringeth to pass the resurrection of the
dead; and the resurrection of the dead:bringeth back
men into:the presence of God; and thus they are re-
stored into his \presence;: to be-judged-according: to
their works; according to the’ law and justice; for be-
hold,:justite exerciseth all:lis:demands;and also mer-
