ey claimeth-all whichis. her.own;, and thus, none but
the. truly:penitent are saved. .What, do ye suppose
that mercy can rob justice? . I say unto you, nay; not
one whit. . Ifso, God would .cease to. be God. And
thus God bringeth. about his: great and eternal purpo-
ses, which were prepared from..the foundation of the
world.. And thus cometh’ about the salvation and the
redemption of. men, and also: their destruction. and
misery; therefore, O my son, whosoever will come,
may come, and. partake of the waters of life freely;
and whosoever will not come, the same is not compell-
ed to.come; but. in the last day, it shall be restored
unto him, according to his deeds., If he has desired to
do evil, and-has not repented in his days, behold, evil
shall be done unto him, according to the restoration of
God.. And now my son, I desire that ye should let
these things trouble you no more, and only let your
sins trouble you, with that. trouble which shall bring.
you down unto repentance. O my son, I desire that
ye should deny the justice of God no more. _ Do-not
endeavor to.excuse yourself in the least. point, because
of your sins, by denying the justice of God, but do you
let the justice of God, and his mercy, and his-long
suffering, have full sway in-your heart; but let it bring
you down to the dust in humility. And now, O my
son, ye are called of God to preach the word unto this
people. And now, my son, go thy way, declare the
word with truth and.soberness, that thou mayest bring
souls unto repentance, that the great gin of mercy
may have claim upon them. And may God grant unto:
you even according to my words. Amen,

.p.

CHAPTER XX.

Anp now it came to. pass, that the sons of Alma did
go. forth among the people, to declare the word unto
them,  And Alma also, himself, could not rest, and he
also went forth. Now we-shall say no more concern-
ing’ their preaching, except that they preached the
word, and the truth, according to the spirit of prophe-
ey-and, revelation: and.they preached after the holy
order of Gad, by which they were called... ..; .

 And.now Lreturn to an account. of the wars between
