Ishmael, and all those who had dissented. from the
Nephites, who were. Amalekites, and Zoramites, and
the descendants of the priests.of Noah. Now those
descendants were as numerous, nearly, as were the
Nephites; and thus the Nephites were obliged to con-
tend with their-brethren, even unto bloodshed.

And it came to pass, as the armies of the Lamanites
had gathered together in the land of Antionum, be-
hold, .the armies of the: Nephites. were prepared to
meet them in the land of Jershon. Now the leader of
the Nephites, or the man who had been appointed to
be the chief captain over the Nephites: Now the chief
captain took:the command of all the armies of the Ne-
phites; and his name was Moroni; and Moroni. took
all the command, and the governments of their, wars.
And he was only twenty and five years old when he
ae appointed chief captain over the armies of the Ne-
phites.

And it came to pass that he met the Lamanites.in
the borders of Jershon, and his people were armed
with swords, and with cimeters, .and all manner of
weapons of war. And when the armies of the La-
manites saw that the people of Nephi, or that Moroni
had prepared his people with breast-plates, and with
arm-shields;, yea, and also shields to defend their
heads; and also they were dressed with thick cloth-
ing. Now the army of Zerahemnah was not prepared
with-any such thing. They had only their swords,
and their-cimeters, their bows and their arrows, their
stones and their slings; but they were naked, save it
were a skin which was girded! about their loins}; yea,
all were naked, save it were the Zoramites and the
Amalekites.. But they were not armed with breast-
plates, nor shields; therefore they were exceeding
fraid of the armies of the Nephites, because of their
armour, notwithstanding their number being so much
greater than the Nephites, 7 be

Behold, now: it came: to pass, that they durst not
come against the Nephites in the borders of Jershon;
therefore they.departed out of the land of Antionum,
Into .the. wilderness, and>took their journey round
about in the wilderness, away: by the head of the river
Sidon, :that they: might come into the: land of: Manti,
and:take possession ofthe land; for they did not suppose
that the armies..of: Moroni would. know whither they
had. gone.i -But.it came: to pass; as-soon as:they- had
