departed into the wilderness; Moroni sent spies into
the wilderness, to watch their camp; and Moroni; al-
80; knowing of the prophecies of Alma, sent’ certain
men unto him, desiring him that he should inquire of
the Lord whither the armies of the Nephites should
go, to defend themselves against the Lamanites. And
it came to pass that the word of the Lord came unto
Alma, and Alma informed the. messengers of Moroni
that the armies of the Lamanites were marching round
abeut in the wilderness, that they might come over
into the land of Manti, that they might commence an
attack upon the more weak part of the people. And
those messengers went and delivered the message unto
Moroni,

Now Moroni, leaving a part ofthis army in the land
of Jershon, lest by any means, a part of the Laman-
ites should come into that land and take possession of
the city, took the remainder part of his army and
marched over into the land of Manti.. And he caused
that all the people in that quarter of the land, should
gather themselves together to battle, against the La-
manites, to defend their lands and their country, their
rights and their liberties; therefore they were prepared
against the time of the coming of the Lamanites..
And it came to pass, that Moroni caused that his
army should be, secreted in the valley which was near
the bank of the river Sidon; which was on the west
of the river Sidon, in the wilderness. And Moroni
placed:spies round about, that he might know when
the camp of the Lamanites'should come.

And now as Moroni knew the intention of the La-
manites, that it was their intention to destroy their
brethren, or to subject them and bring them into
bondage, that they might establish a kingdom unto
themselves, over all the land; and he also knowing
that it was the only desire of the Nephites to preserve
their lands, and their liberty and their church, there-
fore he thought it no sin that he should defend them
by stratagem; therefore he found, by bis spies, which
course the Lamanites were to take. Therefore he di-
vided his army, and brought a part over into the val-
ley, and concealed:them on the-east, and on the south
of the hill Riplah; and the remainder he’ concealed in
the west valley, on the west of the river Sidon, and
so down into the borders-of the land Manti.  And
thus having placed -his army according’:to his. desire;
he was prepared to.meet them.
