And it-came to pass that the Lamanites came ,ap
on the north of the hill where a part of the army of
Moroni was concealed. And as the Lamanites: had
passed the hill Riplah, and come. into the valley, and
began to cross the river Sidon, the army which was
concealed on the south of the hill, which was led by
aman whose name was Lehi; and he led his army
forth and encircled the Lamanites about, on the east,
in their rear.

And it came to pass that the Lamanites, when they
saw the Nephites coming upon them in their rear,
turned them about, and began to contend with the ar-
my of Lehi; and the work .of death commenced, on
both sides; but it was more dreadful on the part of the
Lamanites; for their nakedness was exposed to the
heavy blows of the Nephites, with their swords. and
their cimeters, which brought death almost at every
stroke; while on the other hand, there was now and
then a man fell.among the Nephites, by their swords,
and the loss of blood; they being shielded from the
more vital parts of the body, or the more yital parts of
the body being shielded from the strokes of the Laman-
ites, by their breast-plates, and their arm-shields, and
their head-plates; and thus.the Nephites did carry on
the work of death among the Lamanites. And it
came to pass that the Lamanites became. frightened,
because of the great destruction among them, even
until they began to flee towards the river Sidon..
And they were pursued by-Lebi and his men, and
they were driven by Lehi into the waters of Sidon;
and they crossed the waters of Sidon. And Lehi re-
tained -his.armies upon the bank of the river Sidon,
that they should not cross. _.

And it came to pass that Moroni and his-army met
the Lamanites in the valley, on the other side of, the
river Sidon, and Began to fall upon them, and to, slay
them. And.the Lamanites did flee again before them,
towards the land.of Manti; and they were met, again
by the armies.of. Moroni. Now in this:case, the La-
manites did fight exceedinly; yea, never, hac. the. La-
manites been known. to fight with. such, exceeding
great.strength.and courage; -no,,not. even from: the. be-
ginning: .and they were inspired, by the: Zoramites,
and :the Amalekites, who were their chief captains and
leadersy:and by Zerahemnahy.who. was their chief cap-
tainj-or-their chief. leader. and commander;,jyea,,.they
did fightJike dragons;' and many. of the-Nephites were
