you, and .we will not suffer ourselves to take an oath
unto you, which we know that we shall break, and al-
so our. children; but take our weapons of war, and
suffer that we may depart into the wilderness; other-
wise we will retain:our swords, and we will perish or
conquer. Behold, we are not of your faith; we do
not believe that it is God that has: delivered. us. into
your hands; but we believe that it is your cunning
that has preserved you from our swords.. Behold, it
is your breast-plates, and your shields that has pre-
served:you. And now when Zerahemnah had made
an end of speaking these words, Moroni returned the
sword, and the weapons of war which he had receiv-
ed, unto Zerahemnah, saying, behold, we will end
the conflict. Now IJ cannot retain the words which I
have spoken; therefore, as the Lord liveth, ye shall
not depart, except ye depart with an oath, that ye will
not return again against us to war. Now as ye are
in our hands, we will spill your blood upon the ground,
or ye shall submit tothe conditions to which I have
proposed.. And now. when Moroni had said these
words, Zerahemnah retained his sword, and he was
angry with. Moroni, and he rushed forward that he
might slay Moroni; .but as he raised his sword, be-
hold, one of Moroni’s soldiers smote it even to the
earth; and: it broke. by the hilt; and he also smote
Zerahemnah, that he took off his scalp, and it fell to
the earth..-And Zerahemnah withdrew from before
them, into.the:midst of his soldiers.

. And it came to. pass that the solldier who stood by,
who smote off the scalp of Zerahemnah, took up the
scalp from off the ground, by the hair, and. laid it up-
on the point of -his:sword, and stretched it forth unto
them, saying unto them with a loud voice, even as
this scalp. has fallen-to-the earth, which is the scalp
of your chief, so shall ye fall to the earth, except ye
will deliver.up your weapons of war, and depart, with
a covenant of peace... :

Now there were many, when they heard. these
words, and saw the scalp which was upon the.sword,
that were struck with fear, and many, came’fortb and
threw down their weapons of war, at the feet.of Mo-
roni, and entered into:a:coyenant, of peace And as
many: as. entered: into-a;covenant, they sufferedto de-
part into the:wilderness.sisu.. 62) oe Sees &
Now. it eame-tospass that: Zerahemnah: was exceed-
ing -wrothjand.he'did! stir-up the remainder: of bis
