CHAPTER XXI.

The account of the people of Nephi, and their wars and
dissensions, in the duys of Helaman, according. to the
record of Helaman, which he kept in his days.

Brworp, now it came. to pass that the people of Ne-
phi were exceedingly rejoiced, because. the Lord had
again delivered them out of the hands of their enemies;
therefore they gave thanks unto the Lord their God;
yea, and they did fast much and pray much, and they
did worship God with exceeding great joy.

And it came to pass in the nineteenth year of the
reign of the judges over the people of Nephi, that Al-
ma came unto his son Helaman, and said unto-hin,
believest thou the words which I spake unto thee con-
cerning those records which have been kept?) And
Helaman said unto him, yea, I believe. And Alma
said again, believest thou in Jesus Christ, who shall
come? And he said, yea, I believe all the words
which thou hast spoken. And Alma said unto him
again, will ye keep my commandments? And he
said, yea, I will keep thy commandments with all my
heart. Then Alma said unto him, blessed’ art thou;
and the Lord shall prosper thee in'thisJand. But be-
hold, [ have somewhat to prophesy. unto thee; but
what I prophesy unto thee, ye shall not make known;
yea, what I prophesy nnto thee shall not be made

known, even until the prophecy is fulfilled; therefore
write the words which I shall say. And these are
the words: Behold, [-preceive that this very people,
the Nephites, according to the spirit of revelation
which isin me, in four htundred years from the time
that Jesus Christ-shall manifest himself unto them,
shall dwindle in unbelief; yea, and then shall they see
wars and pestilences, yea, famines and bloodshed,
even until the people of Nephi shall become extinct;
yea, and this because they shall dwindle in unbelief,
and fall into the works of darkness and lasciviousness,
and all manner of iniquities; yea, I say unto you, that
because they shall sin against so great light and
knowledge; yea, I say unto you, that from that day,
even the fourth generation shall not all pass away,
before this great miquity shall come; and when that
great day cometh, behold, the time very soon cometh
that those who.are now, or the seed of those who are
now numbered among the people of Nephi, shall no
