destroy. the foundation of liberty which God had grant-
ed unto them, or which blessing.God. had sent upon
the face of the land, for the righteous’ sake. a
And now it came to pass that when; Moroni, wh
was.the chief. commander of the armies of the Ne-
phites, bad heard of these-dissensions, he was angry
with Amalickiah. And it came to pass that he rent
his coat; and.he took a piece thereof, and wrote upon
it, ia memory of our God, our religion, and freedom,
and our peace, our wives, and our children; and’ he
fastened it upon the end of a pole thereof. And he
fastened on his head-plate, and his breast-plate, and
his shields, and girded on his armour about his loins;
and he took the pole, which had on the end thereof
his rent coat, (and he'called it the title of liberty,)
and he bowed himself to the earth, and he prayed
mightily unto his God for the blessings of liberty to
rest upon his brethren so long as there should a band
of christians remain to possess the land: for thus were
all the true believers of Christ, who belonged to the
church of God, called, by those who did not belong to
the church; and those who did belong to the church,
were faithful; yea, all those who were true believers
in. Christ, took upon them, gladly, the name of Christ,
or-christians, as they were called, because of their be-
lief in Christ, who should come; and therefore, at
this:time, Moroni prayed that the cause of the christ-
lans, and the freedom of the land might be favored.
. And it came to pass that when he had poured out
his:soul to God, he gave all the Jand which was south
ofthe land Desolation; yea, and in fine, all the land,
both on the north-and on the south, a chosen land,
and the land of liberty. And he, said, surely.:God
shall not suffer that we, who are despised becatise we:
take upon us-the name of Christ, shall be trodden.
down-and destroyed, until we bring it upon us, by our
Own transgressions. And when Moroni had. said
these words, he went. forth among the people,.waying
the rent of his garment in the air, that all might see
the writin which he- had wrote upon..the: rent, and
crying-with:a. loud -yoice, saying, behold, whosoever
Will maintain this:title upon. the land,’ let them come:
forth .in.the strength.of the Lord, and-enter:into-a
Sovenant:that..they: will maintain, their rights,and.
their'religion; that the. Lord God may bless:thems) }.,
And itcame, to pass that when Moroni had-proclaim-
ed these words, behold, the people came running to-
