gether, with their armors: girded: about their loins,
rending their gatmentsin token, or as a covenant, that
they would not forsake the Lord: their God; or,. in
other words, if they should transgress the command-
ments of God, or fall into transgression, and be asham-
ed to:take upon them the name of Christ, the Lord
should rend them even as they had rent their gar-
ments. Now this was' the coyenant which they made;
and they cast their garments at the feet of Moroni,
stying, we covenant with our God, that we shall be
destroyed, even as our brethren in the land northward,
ifwe shall fallinto transgression; yea, he may cast us
at the feet of our enemies, even as we have cast our
garments at thy feet,to be trodden under foot, if we
shall. fall into transgression. Moroni said unto them,
behold, we are a remnant of the seed of Jacob; yea,
we are a remnant of the seed of Joseph, whose coat
was'rent by his brethren, into many pieces; yea, and
now behold, let us remember to keep the command-
ments'of God, or our garments shall be rent by our
brethren, and we.be cast into prison, or be sold, or be
slain; yea, let us preserve our liberty, as a remnant
of Joseph: yea, let ug-rememember the words of Ja-
cob, before his death; for behold, he saw that a part
of the remnant of -the coat of Joseph was preserved,
and had not deeayed. And he said, even as this rem-
nant of garment of my sons hath been preserved, 89
shall a remnant of the seed of my sons be preserved
by the hand of God, and ba taken unto himself, while
the remainder of the seed of Joseph shall perish, even
as the remmant of his garment. Now behold, tiis.giveth
my soul sorrow: nevertheless, my soul:hath joy in mY
son, because that part of his seed which shall be taken
unto God. Now behold, this wags the language of
Jacob. And now who knoweth but what the remnant
of the seed of Joseph, which shall perish as his gar-
ment, are those who have dissented from us; yea, and
even it'shall be us, if we do not stand fast in the faith
of Christ. : :
And now it cam? to pass that when Moroni had said
these words, he went forth, and also sent forth:in all
the parts:of the land where there were dissensions, and
gathered together all the people who were desirous to
maintain their liberty, to stand against Aimalickiah,
and those who liad:dissented, who were called-Ama-
lickiahites. 0 0 <: Ts ney, ay) tinplgar ofa
