high priests did. also. maintain order in. the church;
yea, even for the space of-four years, did they have
much peace and rejoicing inthe church.

And it came.to pass that there were many who died,
firmly believing that their souls were redeemed by the
Lord Jesus Christ; thus they went out of the world
rejoicing. And there were some who died with fevers,
which at some seasons of the year, was. very frequent
in the land; but not so much so with fevers, because
of the excellent qualities of the many plants and roots
which God had prepared, to remove the cause of disea-
ses'to which men was subject, by the nature of the
climate. But there were many who died with old age;
and those who died in the faith of Christ, are happy
in him, as we must needs suppose. Now we will re-
turn in our record, to Amalickiah, and those who had
fled with him into the wilderness: for behold, he had
taken those who. went with him, and went up in the
land of Nephi, among the Lamanites, and did stir up
the Lamanites to anger, against the people of Nephi,
insomuch that the king ot the Lamanites sent a proc-
lamation throughout all his land, among all his peo-
ple, that.they should gather themselves together again,
to go to battle against the Nephites.

And it.came to pass. that when. the. proclamation
had gone. forth among them, they were exceeding fraid;
yea, they feared to displease the king, and they also
feared to go to battle against the Nephites, lest they
should lose their lives,, And it came to pass that they
would not, or the more part of them would not obey
the commandments.of the king.

And now it.came to pass that. the king was wroth,
because of their disobedience; therefore he gave Ama-
lickiah the command of -that part of his army which
was'obedient unto. his commands, and commanded him
that he should. go: forth and compel them to arms.
Now: behold, this was the desire of Amalcikiah:, for he
being .a very subtle man to do, evil, therefore he laid
the plan in his heart to dethrone the king of the La-
manites... And. now-he had got the command of those
parts ofthe Lamanites. who. were in-favor of the-king:
and -he;soughtito gain favorof those who were.not obe-
dient; therefore. he, went forward,to the. place which,
wag-called Onidah, for thither. had all the Lamanites
fied;: forsthey discovered the army; coming, and sup-
posing: thatithey were, comingto destroy:them, there-
fore they fled..te;Onidah, tothe place of arms. And
