they had appointed a man to be a king and a leader
over them, being fixed in their minds. with a determin-.
ed resolution that.they would not:be subjected to-go
against the Nephites. ~ Le

And it came to pass that they had gathered thems
selyes together upon top of the mount which was called
Antipas, in preparation to battle. Now it was not
Amalickiah’s intention to give them battle, according
to the commandments of the king; but behold, it was
his intention to gain favor with the armies of the La-
manites, that he might'place himself at their head,
and dethrone the king, and take possession of the king-
dom. And behold, it came to pass that he caused his
army to pitch their tents in the valley which was near
the mount Antipas. And it came to pass that when it
was night, he sent a secret embassy into the mount
Antipas, desiring that the leader of those who were
upon the mount, whose name was Lehonti, that he
should come down to the foot of the mount, for he de-
sired (o speak with him.

And it came to pass that when Lehonti received
the message, he durst not go down to the foot of the
mount. And it cameto pass that Amalickhiah sent again
the second time, desiring him to come down. And it
came to pass that Lehonti would not; and he sent again
the third time. And itcame to pass that when Amalic-
kiah found that he could’ not get Lehonti to come
down off from the mount, he went up into the mount,
nearly. to Lehonti’s camp; and he sent again the fourth
time, his message unto Lehonti, desiring that he would
sen down, and that he would bring his guards with

im.

And it came to pass that when Lehonti had come
down with his guards to Amalickiah, that Amalickiah
desired him to come down with his ariny in the night
time, and surround those men in their camps, over
whom the king had gave him command, and that he
would deliver them up into Lehonti’s hands, if he:
would make him, (Amalickiah,) a second leader over
the whole army.

And it came to pass that Lehonti came down with
his men, and surrounded the men of Amalickiah,. so
tliat before they awoke at. the dawn of the day, they
were surrounded by the armies of Lehonti, _Andvit
came topass that when they saw that:they were sur-
rounded, they plead’ with: Amalickiah: that he:would
suffer'them to fall in with their brethren, that they:
