might not.be destroyed. Now this was.the very thing
which Amalickiah desired.

And it came to pass,that he delivered his men, con-
trary to the commands of the king. Now this was the
thing that Amalickiah desired, that he might accom-
plish his designs in dethroning the king. Now it was
the custom among the Lamanites, if their chief leader
was killed, to appoint the second leader to be their
chief leader.

And it came to pass that Amalickiah caused that
one of his servants should administer poison, by de-
grees to Lehonti, that he died. Now when Lehonti
was dead, the Lamanites appointed. Amalickiah to be
their leader and their, chief commander, And it came
to pass that Amalickiah marched with his armies (for
he had gained his desires) to the land of Nephi, to the
city of Nephi, which was the chief city. And the
king came out to meet him, with his guards: for he
supposed that Amalickiah had fulfilled his commands,
and that Amalickiah had gathered together so great an
army to go against the Nephites to battle. But behold,
as the king came out to meet him, Amaliekiah caused
that his servants should go forth te meet the king.
And they went and bowed themselves before the king,
as if to reverence. him, because.of his greatness, And
it came to pass thatthe king :put forth his hand to
raise them, as was the custom with the Lamanites, as
a token of peace, which custom. they had taken from
the Nephites. And it came to pass that when he had
raised the first from the ground, behold he stabbed the
king to the heart; and.he fell to the earth. Now the
servants of the king fled; and the servants of Amalic-
kiah raised a ery, saying, behold, the servants of the
king have, stabbed him to the heart, and he has fell,
and they have. fled; behold, come and see.

And it.came to: pass.that Amalickiah. commanded
that his'armies should march forth, and. see what had
happened tothe king; and when they had come to-the
spot, and found: the king liying in his. gore, Amalic
kiah pretended to be wroth, and said whosoever loved
the king; let him go forth and pursue his servants, that
they may'be slain. : ;

And -it.came’ to, pass that when’all. they who loved
the king, when'they heard these words, came forth.and
pursued after the servants of the king... Now when the
servants of the king saw.an.army pursuing. after them,
they were frighted again, and:fled into the wilderness,
