the: liberty and the freedom of his country, and-higs
brethren frombondage and slavery; yea, aman whose
heart did swell with thanksgiving to his God, for-the
many privileges and blessings which he bestowed upon
his people; a man who did labor exceedingly for the
welfare and safety of his people; yea, and he was a
man who was firm in the faith of Christ, and:be had
sworn with an oath, to defend his people, his rights;:
and his country, and his religion, even to.the loss of
his blood. Now the Nephites were taught to defend
themselves against their enemies, even to the shedding
of blood, if it were necessary; yea, and they were also
taught never to give an offence; yea; and never to
taise the sword, except it were against an enemy,
except-it were to preserve their lives: and this was
their faith, that-by so doing, God would prosper them
in the land; or in other words, if they were faithful in
keeping the commandments of God, that he would
prosper them in the land; yea, warn them to flee, or
to prepare for war, according to their danger; andalso,
that God would make it known-unto them, whither
they should go to defend themselves against. their ene-
mies; and’by so doing, the Lord would deliver them,
and this was the faith of Moroni; and, his heart did
glory in it; not in the shedding of blood, but in doing
good, in preserving his people; yea, in keeping the
commandments of God; yea, and resisting iniquity.
Yea, verily, verily I say unto you, if all men had been,
and were, and ever would be, like unto Moroni, behold,
the very powers of hell would have been shaken forev-
er;yea, the devil would never. have. power over the
hearts of the children of men. Behold, he-was aman
like unto Ammon, the son of Mosiah, yea, and even
the other sons of Mosiah; yea, and-also Almaand his
sons, for they were all men of God. Now behold,
Helaman and his brethren were no less serviceable
unto the people, than was Moroni; for they did preach
the word of God, and they did baptize unto repentance,
all men whosoever would -hearken unto their words.
And thus they went forth, and the people did humble
themselyes because of their words, insomuch that they
were highly favored of. the Lord; and thus they were
free from wars and contentions amhong themselves; yea,
even forthe’space of. four .years,: But as I-have said
in the latter end of the nineteenth; yea, notwithstand-
ing theirypeace amongst’ themselves,’ they were com-
pelled reluctantly to-contend with: their-brethren; the
