Lamanites; yea, and in fine, their ware never did
cease for the space of many. years with the Lamanites,
notwithstanding their much reluctance. Now. they
were sorry to.take up arms against the Lamanites, be-
caus they did not delight inthe shedding of blood; yea,
and this was not all; they were sorry to ba the means
of sending so many of their brethren out of this world
into an eternal world’ unprepared to meet their God;
nevertheless, they could not suffer to lay down their
lives, that their wives and their children, should be
massacred by the barbarous cruelty of those who were
once their brethren, yea, and-had dissented from their
church, and: had left them, and had gone to destroy
them, by joining the Lamanites; -yea, they could not
bear that their brethren should rejoice over the blood
of the Nephites, so long as they were any who. should
keep the commandments of God, for the promise of
the Lord was, if they should keep his commandments,
they should prosper in the land.

-And now it came to pass, in the eleventh month
of the nineteenth year, on the tenth day of the month,
the armies of the:Lamanites: were seen approaching
towards the land. of -Ammonihah. And. behold, the
city had been-re-built, and Moroni had stationed an
army by the borders of the city. and they had cast up
dirt round about, to shield them’ from the arrows and
the stones of the Lamanites; forbehold, they fought
with stones, and with arrows. Behold,  said that the
city of Ammonihah had been re-built. [say unto you,
yea, that it was in pert re-built, and because the La-
manites had destroyed it once because of the iniquity
of the people, they supposed -that it would again be-
come -an easy prey for them. But behold, how great
was their. disappointment: for behold, the Nephites
had dug up a ridge of earth round about them, which
was so high that the Lamanites could not cast theit
stones and their arrows at them, that they.might take
effect, neither could they come upon them, save it was
by their place of entrance. Now at this: time, the
chief captains of the Lamanites were astonished ex-
ceedingly, because of the wisdom of the Nephites in
preparing their places of security. Now the leaders
of the Lamanites had supposed, because of the great-
ness of their numbers;. yea, they supposed that they
should be: privileged to:come:-upon them as.they: had
hitherto done; yea,and:they:had also prepared .them-
selves with shields; and with Srenhahaian and they
