the'wilderness. - And it came to pass.that they return-
ed.to. the land of Nephi, to inform.their king, Amalic- -
kiah,.who was. a Nephite by. birth, concerning their
great loss, And it came to pass that he was exceed-
ing angry with his people, because he had not obtained
his .desire.over the Nephites; he had not subjected
them to the yoke of bondage; yea, he was exceeding
wroth, and.he did curse God, and also Moroni, and
swearing with an oath that he would drink his blood;
and this because Moroni hadkept the commandments
of God.in preparing for the safety of his people. And
it came to pass, that on the other hand, the people of
Nephi did thank the Lord their God, because of -his
matehless power in delivering them from the hands of
their enemies. And thus ended the nineteenth year
of the reign of the judges over the people of Nephi;
yea, and there was continual peace among them, and
exceeding great prosperity in the church, because of
their heed and diligence which they gave unto the
word. of God, which was declared unto them by Hela-
man, and Shiblon, and Corianton, and Ammon, and
his brethren, &c.: yea, and by all those who had been
ordained by the holy order of God, being baptized un-
be sae and sent forth to preach among the peo-
ple, &c,

.p>.

CHAPTER XXII.

AyD now it came to pass that Moroni did not stop
making preparations for war, or to defend his people
against the Lamanites; for he caused that. his armies
should commence in the commencement of the twen-
tieth year of the reign of the judges, that they should
commence in digging up heaps of earth round abont
all the cities, throughout all the land which was pos-
sessed. by the Nephites; and upon the top of these
tidgesof earth, he caused that there should be timbers;
yea; works of timbers built up to the heighth of a man,
round about the cities. And he caused that upon
those: works.of timbers,.there should be.a. frame of
pickets built upon the timbers, round about; and they
Were sttong:/and:-high;. and he caused. towers to be
erected, that: overlooked those works of pickets; and
