he caused’ places of security to be built’ upon those
towers, that the stones and the arrows of the Laman-
ites could not hurt them. And they were prepared,
that they could cast'stones from the top thereof, ac-
cording to their pleasure and their strength, and slay
him who should attempt to approach near, the walls
of the city. Thus Moroni did prepare strong holds
against the coming of their enemies, round about eve-
ry ity in all the land.
\ And it came to pass that Moroni cansed that his ar-
mies should go forth into the east wilderness; yea,
and they went forth, and drove all the Lamanites who
were in the east wilderness into their own lands,
which were south of the land of Zarahemla; and the
land of Nephi did run in a straight course from the
east sea to the west. And it came to pass that when
Moroni had driven all the Lamanites out of the east
wilderness, which was north of the lands of their own
possessions, he caused that the inhabitants who were
in the land of Zarahemla, and in the land round about,
should go forth into the east wilderness, even to the
borders, by the sea shore, and possess the land. And
he also placed armies on the south, in the borders of
their possessions, and caused them to erect fortifica-
tions, that they might secure their armies and their
people from the hands of their enemies. And thus he
cut off all fhe streng holds of the Lamanites, in the
east wilderness; yea, and-also on the west, fortifying
the line between the Nephites and the Lamanites, be-
tween the land of Zarahemla and the land of Nephi;
from the west sea, running: by the head of the river
Sidon; the Nephites possessing all the land northward;
yea, even ail the land which was northward of. the
land Bountiful, according to their pleasure. Thus
Moroni, with his armies, which did inerease daily, be-
cause of the assurance of protection which his works
did bring forth’ unto thent; tiierefore they did seek to
cut off the strength and the power of the Lamanites,
from off the lands of their possessions, that they should
have no power upon the lands. of their possession.
And if came to pass that the Nephites began. the
foundation of acity; and they called the name of the
city Moroni; and it was by the east sea; and it was
on ule south by the line of the possessions of the’ La-
manites. And they also began a foundation for a city
between the city of Moroni and the city of Aaron,
joining the borders of Aaron and Moroni; and'they
