them prisoners, and returned to the camp.of Moroni
And, thus ended the twenty and fourth year of the
reign of the judges over the-people of Nephi. And
thus was the people of Morianton brought back. And
upon their covenanting to keep the peace, they were
restored to the land of Morianton, and a, union, took
place between them and the people of: Lehi; and they
were also restored to their lands. + 5...

And it came to pass that in the same year that the

eople of Nephi bad peace restored unto them, that
Nephihah, the second chief judge, died, having filled
the judgment seat with perfect uprightness before God;
nevertheless, he had refused Alma to take possession
of those records and those things which were esteem-
ed by Alma and his fathers to be most sacred: there-
fore Alma had conferred them upon his son Helaman.

Behold, it came to pass that the son of Nephihah
was appointed to fill the judgment seat, in the stead
of his father; yea, he was appointed chief judge, and
governor over the people, with an oath, and sacred or-
dinance to judge righteously, and to keep the peace,
and the freedom of the people, and to grant unto them
their sacred privileges to worship the Lord their God:
yea, to support and maintain the cause of God all his
days, and to bring the wicked to justice, according to
their crime. Now behold, his name was Pahoran..
And Pahoran did fill the seat of his father, and did com-
mence his reign in the end of the twenty and fourth
year, over the people of Nephi.

..

CHAPTER XXIII.

AnD now it came to pass in the commencement of
the twenty and fifth year of the reign of the: judges
sver.the people of Nephi, they haviug established

ace between the people of Lehi and the people of
Slorlanton concerning their-lands, and- having. com-
menced the twenty,and fifth year in peace; neverthe-
less, they did not long maintain. an entire-peace in: the
land, for there began. to be-a-contention. among-the
people concerning: the chief judge, Pahoran; for ibe-:
hold, there were.a part of the people who desired that.
a few particular:points of the law: should be:altered:..

ae
