down to. the land of Zarahemla..: Yea, even Amalicki-
ah did. himself.come-down, at the head-of the Laman-
ites. And it. was.in the twenty and fifth year of the
reign of the judges; and. it. was at the same time that
they had began to settle the affairs of their contentions
concerning the chief judge,, Pahoran. ~
And it came:to pass that when. the men. who were
called: king-men, had heard that the Lamanites were
coming down. to battle against them,. they were glad
in their hearts, and they refused to take up arms; for
they were so .wroth with the chiefjudge, and also with
the. people of liberty, that-they would. not take up
arms to defend their country... And.it: came to pass
that when Moroni saw this, and also saw that the La-
manites were coming into the borders of :the land, he
was exceeding wroth, because of the.stubbornness of
those people, whom he had labored with.so. much dili-
gence to preserve; yea, he was exceeding wroth; his
soul was filled with anger against them. And it came
to pass that he sent a petition, with the voice of the
people, unto the governor of the land, desiting that he
should read it, and give him, (Moroni,) power to com-
pel those. dissenters to defend their country, or to put
them to death; for it was his.first care to. put an end
to such contentions, and: dissensions among the peo-
ple; for behold, this had been hitherto a cause of all
their destruction, . And it came to pass that it was
granted, according to the voice of the people.
-And:it-came to pass that Moroni commanded that
his army should..go against those king-men, to pull
down their pride and their nobility, and. level. them
With the earth, or they should take up arms and sup-
port the cause of liberty. And it came to pass that
the armies.did march forth against them; and they.did
pull down their! pride and: their nobility, insomuch,
that as they did. lift their. weapons of war to fight
against the men of Moroni, they were hewn down,
and leveled to the earth:: And. it:came: to passthat
there were four thousand of those dissenters; who were
hewn down by. the sword; and those of their leaders
who were not slain in battle, were taken. and cast into
Prison; for there was no time for their trials at. this
period; and the remainder of those-dissenters, rather
than to. be smote down to, the earth by the: sword,
yielded to the standard of liberty, and were compelled
to-hoist the titleof liberty upon their towers, andin
their-cities; and to take up. arma; in defence of. their
