gathered together a large number of men, and had
marched forth against the Nephites,-on the borders by
the west sea; and thus he was endeavoring to harrass
the Nephitee:and. to-draw away a part of their forces
to'that part of the land, while he had commanded
those whom'he had left'to possess the cities which he
had taken, that they should also -harrass the Nephites
on the borders’ by the east sea;and should take pos-
session of their lands asmuch as-it was in their pow-
er; according to the power of their armies. And thus
were the: Nephites in those. dangerous circumstances,
in the ending of the twenty and sixth year of the reign
ofthe judges over the people of Nephi.

But behold, it came to pass in the twenty and sev-
enth year of the reign of the judges, that Teancum,
by the command of Moroni, who had established armies
to protect the south and the: west borders of the land,
had began his march towards the land Bountiful, that
he might assist Teancum with his men, in retaking the
cities which they had lost. And it came to pass that
Teancum had received orders to. make an attack upon
the city of Mulek, and retake it if it were possible.

And it came to pass. that Teancum made prepara-
tions to make an attack upon the city of Mulek, and
march forth with his army against the Lamanites; but
he saw that it was impossible that he could overpower
them while they were in their fortifications; therefore
he abandoned his designs, and returned again to the .
city Bountiful, to wait for the coming of Moroni, that
he might receive'strength to his army.”

And it came to pass that Moroni did arrive with his
army: to the land: of Bountiful, in the latter end of the
twenty and-seventh year of the reign of the judges
over the people of Nephi. And in the commencement
of the twenty and eighth year, Moroni and Teancum,
and many of the chief captains, held a council of war,
what they should do 'to.cause the Lamanites. to come
out against them:to battle; or that they might by some
ineans, flatter them out of theirstrong holds, that they
might gain’ advantage’over them, and take again the
city of Mulek. rae Ti Oe

And: it came to pass that they sent embassies to the
army of the Lamanites, which protected’ the city. of
Mulek;'to their leader, whose name was Jacob, desiring
m that he -would come out with his armies’ to meet
them upon:the plains, between the two'cities.’ But
