roni on one hand, and the men of Lehi on the other,
all of whom were fresh and. full of strength; but the
Lamanites were wearied, because of their long march..
And Moroni commanded hie men that they should fall .
upon them, until they had given up their weapons of
war.

And it came to pass that Jacob, being their leader,
being also.a Goramite, and having an unconquerable
spirit, he led the Lamanites forth to battle, with ex-
ceeding fury against Moroni. Moroni being in their
course of march, therefore Jacob was determined to
slay them, and cut his way through to the city of Mu-
lek. Butbehold, Moroniand his men were more pow-
erful; therefore they did not give way before the La-
manites.

And it came to pass that they fought on both hands
with exceeding fury; and there were many slain on
both sides; yea, and Moroni was wounded, and Jacob
was killed. And Lehi pressed upon their rear with
such fury, with his strong men, that che Lamanites in
the rear delivered up their weapons of war; and the
remainder of them, being much confused, knew not
whether to go or to strike. Now Moroni seeing their
confusion, fe said unto them, if ye will bring forth
your weapons of war, and deliver them up, behold we
will forbear shedding vour blood. And it came to pass
that when the Lamanites had heard these words, their
chief captains, all those who were not slain, came forth
and threw down their weapons of war at the feet of
Moroni, and also commanded their men that they
should do the same; but behold, there were many that
Would not; and those who would not deliver up their
swords, were taken and bound, and their weapons of
War were: taken. from them, and they were compelled
to march with their brethren forth into the land Boun-
tiful. And now the number of prisoners who were
taken, exceeded more than the number of those who

ad been slain; yea, more than those who’ had been
lain on both sides.

And it came to pass that they did sct guards over
the prisoners-of the Lamanites, and did compel them
to go forth and bury their dead; yea, and also the dead
of the Nephites' who were slain; and Moroni placed
inen over them'to guard them while they should per-
form their labors.’ And Moroni went to: thie city.of
Malek with Lehi, and took-command ofthe city, and
save it unto Lehi. Now behold this Lehi was a man:
