who had been’ with Moroni in.the more part. of all his

battles; and he wasa’man like unto Moroni; and they

rejoiced in each other's safety; yea, they were beloved

by each other,-and also: beloved by-all .the people of
vephi.

And it came to pass that after the Lamanites had
finished burying their dead, and also the dead'of the
Nephites, they were marched back into the land Boun-
tiful; and Leancum, by the orders of Moroni, caused
that they should commence laboring in digging a ditch
round about the land, or the city, Bountitul;, and he
caused that they should build.a breastwork of timbers
upon the inner bank of the ditch;, and they.cast up dirt
out of the ditch against the breastwork of timbers; and
thus they did cause the Lamanites to labor, until they
had encireled.the city of Bountiful round about with a
strong. wall. of timbers and. earth, to an. exceeding
height. And. this city became an exceeding strong
hold ever after; and in this city they did guard the
prisoners of the Lamanites; yea, even within.a wall,
which they had caused them to build, with their own
hands. Now Moroni was compelled to cause the La-
manites to labor,. because it, were easy to. guard: them
while at their labor; and he desired all his forces,
when he should make an attack upon the Lamanites.

_And it came.to pass that Moroni had thus gained a
victory over one of ihe greatest of the armies of the
Lamanites, and had obtained possession of the city
Mulek, which was one of the strongest, holds of the
Lamanites in the land of Nephi; and. thus.he had also
built a. strong hold to’ retain his prisoners., And it
came to pass that he did no, more attempt.a battle
with the Lamanites.in that year, but he did employ
his men in preparing for war;..yea, and in making for-
tifications to. guard against the..Lamanites; yea, and
also delivering their women and their children trom fam-
ine and affliction, and providing food, for:their.armues-

And now it-came to pass that the armies of the La-
manites, on the West Sea, south, while-in the absence
of Moroni, on account of some , intrigue. amongst the
Nephites, which caused dissensions amongst them,
had gained some ground over the Nephites, yea, 1ns0-
much that they had obtained.possession of a number of
their cities in that part of the land; and thus because
of iniqnity amongst themselves,, yea, because of dis-
sensions and intrigue among themelves, they: were ple-
ced in’ the most dangerous circumstances. .
