over’you, except ye repent and withdraw your armies
into your own lands, or the lands of your possessions,
which is the land of Nephi; yea, ] would tell you
these things, if ye were capable of hearkening unto
them; yea, I would tell you concerning that awful
hell that awaits to receive such murderers as thou and
thy brother have been, except ye repent and withdraw ~
your murderous purposes, and return,.with your ar-
mies to your. own lands; but as ye have rejected these
things, and have fought against the people of the Lord,
even so  may expect you will do it again.

And now behold, we are prepared to receive you;
yea, and except you withdraw your purposes, behold,
ye will pull dawn the wrath of that God whom you
have rejected, upon you, even to your utter destruc-
tion; but as the Lord liveth, our armies shall come
upon you, except ye withdraw, and ye shall soon be
visited with death, for we will retain our cities and our
lands; yea, and we will maintain our religion and the
cause of our God. But behold, it supposeth me that
Italk to you concerning these things in vain; or it
supposeth me that thou art a child of hell; therefore I
will close my epistle, by telling vou that [ will not ex-
change prisoners, save it be on conditions. that ye will
deliver up a man, and his wife, and his children, for
one prisoner; if this be the case that ye will doit, 1 will
exchange. And behold, if ye do not this, I will come
against you with my armies; im even  will.arm my
women and my children, and  will come against you,
and I will follow you even into your own Jand, which
is the land of our first inheritance; yeay. and it shall
be blood for blood; yea, life for life; and I will give
you battle, even until. you are destroyed from off the
face of the earth. Behold,  am in my anger, andalso
my people; ye have sought to murder us, and we have
only sought to defend ourszlves: But behold, if ye
seek to destroy us more, we will seek to destroy you;
yea, and we willseek our land of our first inheritance.
Now I close my epistle. I am Moroni;  ama leader
of the people of the Nephites.

Now it came to pass that Ammoron, when he had
Teceived this epistile, he was angry; and he. wrote
another epistle unto Moroni; und these are the words
which he wrote, saying,  am sAmmoron, the king of
the Lamanites:. J-am the brother:of Amalickiah; whom
ye have murdered. . Behold, I will avenge his: blood
upon you; yea, and I will come upon you with my
