among his men, that perhaps he might find a mah
who was a descendant of Laman among them.’ i
- And it came to pass that they fourid one, whose
name was Laman; and he was one of the-servants of
the king who was murdered by Amalickiah. Now
Moroni caused that Laman and a small-number of his
men, should go forth unto the guards who were over
the Nephites. Now the Nephites we:eiguarded inthe
city of Gid; therefore Moroni appointed Laman and
caused that a small number of men should go with
him. - oe
And when it was evening, Laman went to the guards
who were over the Nephites, and behold, they saw 
him coming, and they hailed him.  But he saith unto
them, fear not. Behold, I-am a Lamanite. Behold,
we have escaped from the Nephites, and they sleepeth;
and behold, we have took of their wine, and brought
with us. Now,when the Lamanites heard these words,
they received him with joy. And they said unto him,
give us of your wine, that we may drink; we are glad
that ye have thus taken wine with you, for we are
weary. But Laman said unto them, let us keep of
our wine till we go against the Nephites to battle.
But this saying only made them more desirous to
drink ofthe wine. For, saidthey, we are weary; there-
fore let us take of the wine, and -by’and by we'shall
teceive wine for our rations, which will strengthen us
to go against the Nephites. And Laman said unto
them, you may do according to’ your desires.- And it '
came to pass that they did take of the wine freely, and
it Was pleasant to their taste; therefore they took of
it more freely; and it was strong, having been prepared
in its strength.  ahi
And it'came to pass they did drink and were merry,
and by and by they were all drunken. And now
when Laman and his men saw that they were all
drunken, and were in a deep sleep, they rerurned to
Moroni, andtold him all the things that had happened.
And now; this was.according to the design of Moroni:
And Moroni had’ prepared his men with weapons of
War; and he sent to the city Gid, while the Lamanites
werein a deep sleep, and drunken, and cast in’ the
Weapons of war in unto the prisoners, insomuch that
they were all armed; yea, even to their women, and
all those of their children, as many as were able to'tise
a Weapon’ of war;when Moroni hadatmedall those
