prisoners,. And. all. those things were done.in-a: pro-
found silence. But had they.awoke the Lamanites,
behold they were druken, and the Nephites could have
slain them... But behold this wag not the desire of:Mo-
roni. He did not delight in murder or bloodshed; but
he delighted in the saving of his people from destruc-
tion;. and for this. cause he might not bring upon him
injustice, he would not fall upon the Lamanites and
destroy them in their drunkeriness. - But he had ob-
tained his desires; for:he.had armed those prisoners of
the.Nephites who were within the wall of the city,
and had gave them power to.gain possession of those
parts which were within the walls; and then he caused
the men who were with him, to withdraw a pace from
them, and surround the armies. of the Lamanites. Now
behold, this was done in the night time, so that when
the Lamanites awoke in the morning, they heheld that
they were surrounded by the. Nephites without, and
that their prisoners were armed. within. And thus
they saw. that the Nephites had power over them;. and
in these circumstances they found that it was not ex-
pedient thatthey should fight with the Nephites; there-
fore their chief. captains demanded their weapons of
war, and they. brought them forth, and cast them at
the feet-of the Nephites, pleading for mercy. Now
behold, this was the desire of Moroni. He took them
prisoners of war, and took possession of the city, and
caused that all the prisoners should be liberated, who
were Nephites; and they did join the army of Moroni,
and were a great strength to.his army. __

And it came:to pass that he did cause the Lamanites
whom he had taken. prisoners, that they should com-
mence a labor in strengthening the fortifications round
about the city Gid. And it.came to pass that when
he had fortified the city Gid, according to his desires,
he caused that his prisoners shouldbe taken to the
city Bountiful. And he also guarded. that city with
an exceeding strong force... And it came to pass that
they did, notwithstanding all the intrigues of the La-
manites, keep and protect all the prisoners whom they
had taken, and. also maintain. all the. ground and the
advantage which they had retaken... And it came to
pass that the Nephites began again to be victorious,
and to reclaim their rights and their privileges... Many
times did the Lamanites. attempt to.encircle them
about. by night, but in these. attempts they did lose
many prisoners. And many times did they attempt
