to administer of their wine to the Nephites, that they
might destroy them with poison or with drunkenness.
But behold, the Nephites were not slow to remember
the Lord their God, in this their times of affliction,
They could not betaken in’ their snares; yea, they
would not partake of their wine, save they had firstly
given to some of the Lamanite prisoners, And they
were thus cautious, that no poison should be adminis-
tered among them; for if their wine would poison’a
Lamanite, 1t would also poison a Nephite; and thus
they did try all their liquors. And now it came to
pass that it was’ expedient for Moroni to make prepa-
rations to attack the city Morianton. For behold, the
Lamanites had, by their labors, fortified the city Mo-
rianton until it had become an exceeding strong hold;
and they were continually bringing new forces inte
that city, and also new supplies of provisions. And
thus ended the twenty and ninth year of the reign of
the judges over the people of Nephi.

....

CHAPTER XXVI.

Axp now it came to pass in the commencement of
the thirtieth year of the reign of the judges, in the
second day, on the first month, Moroni received an
epistle from Helaman, stating the affairs of the people
in that quarter of the land. And these are the’ words
which he wrote, saying, my dearly beloved brother,
Moroni, a3 well in the Lord as in the tribulations of
our warfare; behold, my beloved brother, I have some-
what to tell you concerning our warfare in this part
of the land. Behold, two'thousand of the sons of those
men whom Ammon brought down out of the land of
Nephi, Now ye have known that these were a de-
scendant of Laman, who was the eldest son of our
father Lehi. Now I need not rehearse unto you on-
cerning their traditions or their unbelief, for thou
knowest concerning all these things} therefore it sup-
poseth me that I tell you that two thousand of these
young men have taken their weapons of war, and
Would that I'should be their leader;and we'have’come
forth to defend dur country.’ And: now: ye also’know
concerning the covenant which their fathers” made,
