that. they would not take up their: weapons of war
against their brethren, to, shed. blood. But in the
twenty and sixth year, when they saw our afflictions
and our tribulations for them, they were about to break
the covenant which they had made, and take up their
weapons of warin our defence. But I would not suffer
them that they should break this covenant which they
had made, supposing that God. would strengthen us,
insomuch. that, we should not suffer more because of
the fulfilling the oath which they had taken. But be-
hold, here is one thing in which we may have great
joy. -For behold, in the twenty and sixth year, I He-
aman, did march at the head of these two thousand
young men, to the city of Judea, to assist Antipus,
whom ye had: appointed a leader over the people of
that part.of the land. And I did join my two thou-
sand sonny (for they are worthy to be called sons) to
the army of Antipus; in which strength Antipus did
rejoice exceedingly;: for behold, his army had been re-
duced by the Lamanites because their forces had slain
a vast number of.our men; for which cause we have to
mourn. Nevertheless, we may console ourselves in
this point: that they have died in the causc of their
country and of their God; yea, and they are happy.
And the Lamanites/ had also retained many prisoners,
all of whom are chief captains; for none other have
they. spared.alive.. And, we suppose that they are
now at this time in the land of Nephi; it is so if they
are not slain. And now.these are the cities which the
Lamanites have obtained possession, by the sheddin
of the blood of so. many of our valiant.men: The lan
of Manti, or the city of Manti, and the city of Zeez-
rom, and the city of Cumeni, and the city of Antipa-
rah, And these are the. cities which baer poseensed
when I arrived at the city. of Judea; and I found An-
tipus. and his men. toiling with their mights to forty
the city: yea, and they were depressed in body as we
as in spirit; for they had fought valiantly by day, and
toiled by night, to. maintain. their cities; and. thus
they had suffered great afflictions.of every kind.. And
now they were.determined to conquer in this place, or.
die; therefore you.may. well. suppose. that this little
force. which I brought, .with me; yea, those. sons of
mine, gave them great hopes and mueh joy, :
- And now it came to pass that when the Lamanites
gaw that. Antipus had received 9 greater. strength to
hia army, they. were compelled, by. the qrdexe. of Au
