moron, to. net come against the city of Judea, or
against us, to battle. And thus were we favored of
the Lord;. for had they come upon us in this our
weakness, they might have perhaps. destroyed our lit-
tle army; but thus were we preserved. They were
commanded. by Ammoron to maintain those cities
which they had taken. And thus ended the twenty
and sixth year. And in the commencement of the
twenty and seventh year, we had prepared our city
and ourselves for defence. Now we were desirous
that the Lamanites should.come upon us; for we were ©
not desirous to make an attack upon them in their
strong holds. And it came to pass that we kept spies
out round about, to watch the movements of the La-
manites, that they might not pass us by night, nor by
day, tomake an attack upon our other cities, which were
on the northward; for we knew in those cities they
were not sufficiently strong to meet them; therefore
we were desirous, if they should pass by, us, to fall
upon them in their rear, and thus bring them up in
the rear, at the same time they were met in the front.
We supposed that we could overpower them; but be-
hold, we were disappointed in this our desire. _They
durst not pass by us with their whole army; neither
durst they with a pert lest they should not he suffi-
ciently strong, and they should fall. Neither durst
they march down against the city of Zarahemla;
neither durst they cross the head of Sidon, over to the
city of Nephihah. And thus, with their forces, they
were determined to maintain those cities which they
had taken, . _

And now it cane to pags, in the second month of
this year, there was bronght unto us many provisions,
from the fathers of those my two thousand sons. And
also there was sent,two thousand men unto us, from
the land of Zarahemla. And thus we were prepared
With ten thousand men, and provisions for them, and
also for their wives, and their children, And the La-
Manites, thus seeing our forces increase daily, and
rovisions arrive for our support, they began to be
earful, and began to sally forth, if it were possible, to
Rien end to our receiving. provisions and strength.
Now-when we saw that the Lamanites began to grow
_Mneagy on this wise, we were desirous to bring astrat-
ages inte effect upon them; therefore Antipus order-
ed that I should march forth with my little song, to a

nsighboring:city, gs if we were carrying provisions to.

 
