 

a neighboring city. And we were to march near the
city of Antiparah, as if we were going to the city be-
yond, in the borders by the seashore. And it came
to pass that we did march forth, as if with our provis-
ions, to go. to that city. And it came to pass that
Antipus did march forth, with a part of his army,
leaving the remainder to maintain the city: But he
did not march forth, until I had gone forth with my.
little army, and came near the city Antiparah. And
now in the city Antiparah, were stationed the strong-
est army of the. Lamanites; yea, the most numerous,
And it came to pass that when they had been inform-
ed by their spies, they came forth with their army,
and marched against us.

_ And it came to pass that we did flee before them,
northward. And thus we did lead away the most
powerful army of the Lamanites; yea, even to a con-
siderable distance, insomuch that when they saw the
army of Antipus pursuing them, with their mights,
they did not turn to the right nor to the left, but pur-
sued their march in a straight course after us: and,
as we supposed, it was their intent to slay us before
Antipus should overtake them, and this that they
might not be surrounded by our people. And now
Antipus, beholding our danger, did speed the march
ofhis army. But behold, it wasnight; therefore they
did not overtake us, neither did Antipus overtake
them; therefore we did camp for thenight.  

And it came to pase that before the dawn of the
morning, behold, the Lamanites were pursuing us..
Now we were not sufficiently strong to contend with
them; yea, I would not suffer that my little sons
should fall into their hands; therefore we did continue
our.march; and we took our march into the wilder-
ness. Now they durst not turn to. the right nor to
the left, lest they should be surrounded: neither would
I turn.to the right or to’ the left, lest they should over-
take me, and we could not stand against them, but be
slain, and they would make their escape; and thus we
did flee all that day-into the wilderness, even until it
wasdak

And it came to pass that again’ when the light of
the morning came, we saw the Lamanites upon us,
and we did flee before them, But it came to  ass that
they did not pursue us far, before they halted; and it

was in the morning of the third day, on the seventh
month. And now whether they were overtaken by
