Antipus, we knew not;. but I said unto,my men, be-
hold, we know not but they have .halted for the pur-
pose that we should come against them, that they
might catch us in their snare; therefore what say ye,
my sons, will ye go against them to battle? . And
now. 1 say unto. you my beloved brother.. Moroni, that
never had I seen so_great courage, nay, not. amongst
all the Nephites. Foras I had ever called. them my
sons, (for they were all of them very young,) even so
they said unto me, father, behold, our God is.with us,
and he will not suffer that we shall fall; then Jet us
go forth; we would not slay aur brethren, if they
would let us alone; therefore let us go, lest they
should overpower the army of Antipus. Now they
never had fought, yet they did not fear death; and
they did think more upon the liberty of their fathers,
than they did upon their lives; yea, they had. been
taught by their mothers, that if they did not doubt,
that God. would deliver-them, And they rehearsed
unto. me-the words of their mothers, saying, we do nat
doubt. our. mothers knew it.

And it came to pass that Idid return with my two
thousand, against these Lamanites who had. pursued
us. And now behold, the armies of Antipus had over-
taken them, and a terrible battle had commenced..
The army of Antipus being weary, because of their
long march in so short a space of time, were about to
fall into. the hands of the Lamanites; and had I not
returned with my two thousand, they would have ob-
tained their purpose; for Antipus had fallen by the
sword, and many of his leaders, because of their wea-
Tiness, which was occasioned by the speed. of their
march; therefore the men of Antipus. being confused,
because of the fall of their leaders, began to give way
before the Lamanites. .

, And it came to pass that the Lamanites took cour-
age, and began to pursue them; and thus were. the
Lamanites pursuing them with great vigor, when He~
laman came upon their rear with his two. thousand,
and began to slay them exceedingly, insomuch that
the whole army ofthe. Lamanites halted, and turned
upon Helaman.., Now. when the people of. Antipus
saw that the Lamanites had turned them about, they
gathered together their men, and came again upon the
tear of the. Tamanites. ; i

And now: it came to pass that we, the people of Ne-
phi, the people of Antipus, and I with my two thou-
