sand, did surround the Lamanites, and did slay them;
yea, insomuch that they were compellce to deliver up
their weapons of war, and also themselves as prison-
ers of war. 
And now it came to pass that when they had sur-
rendered themselves up unto us, behold, I numbered
those young men who had fouglit with me, fearing
Test there were many of them slain. But behold, to
my great joy, there had not one'soul of them fallen to
the earth; yea, and they had fought as if with the
strength of God; yea, never was men known to have
fought with such miraculous strength; and with’such
mighty power did they fall upon the Lamanites, that
they did frighten them; and for this cause did the
Lamanites deliver theniselves up as prisoners of War.
And as we had no place for ourprisoners, that we
could guard them to keep them from the armies of the
Lamanites, therefore we sent them to the land of Za-
rahemila, and a part of those men who were not slain
of Antipus, with them; and the remainder Itook and
joined them to my stripling Ammorites, and. took’our
march back to the city of Judea. .
And now it came to pass that I received an epistle
from Ammoron, the king, stating that if T would de-
liver up those prisoners of war whom we had taken,
that he would’ deliverup the city af Antiparah unto
us. But T’sent an epistle unto the king, that we
were sure our forces were sufficient to take the city o!
Antiparah by our force; and by delivering up the pris-
oners for that city, we should suppose: ourselves. un-
wise, and that we would only deliver up our prisoners
on exchange. And Ammoron refused mine epistle,
for he would not exchange prisoners; therefore we'be-
an to make preparations’ to go against the city of
ntiparah. But the people of Antiparah did leave
the’city, and fled to their other cities which they had
possession of, to fortify them; and thus the’ city of
Antiparah fell into our hands.’ And thus ended the
twenty and eighth year of the reign of the judges.
And it came to pass that in the commencement of
the twenty and ninth year;we received a supply of
provisions, and also an addition’ to our army, from the .
land of Zarahemla, and from 'the land round about, to
the number of six thousand men, besides sixty of the
sons of the Ammorites, who had come to join their

- brethren; my’ little band of two thousand. And noW
