behold; we were strong; yea, and we had also a plen-
ty of provisions brought unto us. 

And it:came to: pass that it was our desire to wage
a battle with the army which was placed: to protect
the city Cumeni. And now behold; 1 will shew unto
you that we soon accomplished our desire;. yea, with
our strong force, or with a part of our strong force,
we did’surround, by night, the city’ Cumeni, a little
before they were to receive a supply of provisionsi.
And it came to pass that we did camp. round about
the city for many nights; but we did sleep upon our
swords; and keep guards, that the Lamanites could
not come upon us by night, and slay'us, which they
attempted many times; but as manytimes as they at-
tempted this, their blood was spilt. At length their
provisions did’ arrive, and they were about to enter
the city by night. And we, instead of being Laman-
ites, were Nephites; therefore, we did take them and
their provisions. And notwithstanding the Laman-
ites being cut off from their support after this man-
ner, they were still determined to maititain the city;
therefore it became expedient that we should take
those provisions and send them to Judea and our pris-
oners to the land of Zarahemla. ne

And it came to pass that not many days had passed
away, before the Lamanites began to lose all hopes of
succor; therefore they yielded up the-city~into our
hands; and thus we had accomplished our designs, in
obtaining the city Cumeni. But it'came to pass that
ar prisoners were so numerous, that notwithstanding
the enormity of our numbers, we were obliged to em-
ploy-all our force to keep them, or to put them to
death. For behold, they would break out in great
numbers, and would fight with stones, and with clubs,
or whatsoever things they could get into their hands,
msomuch’that wedid slay upwards of two thousand
of them, after they had surrendered themselves pris-
oners of: war; therefore it became expedient for us,
that-we should put an end to their lives, or guard
them, sword in hand, down to the land of Zarahemla;
and also our provisions were hot any more than sufii-
cient for out own people, notwithstanding that which
we hadtaken from the Lamanites. And now, in
those'critical circumstances, it became a very serious
matter: to determine concerning these prisoners of war;
nevertheless, we did resolve to send them down to the
