land of Zarahemla; therefore we:selected.a part.of our
men, and gave them charge over our prisoners, to go
down to the land of Zarahemla. gio fog

But it came to. pass that on the morrow, they .did
return. And now behold, we did not inquire of them
concerning the prisoners; for behold, the Lamanites
were upon us, and thev returned in season to save us
from falling into their hands. For behold, Ammoron
had sent to. their support a new supply .of provisions,
and also a numerous army of men. :

And il came to, pass that those men whom we-sent
with the prisoners, did arrive in season to check them,
as they were about to overpower us. But behold, my
little band of two thousand and sixty, fought. most
desperately: yea, they were firm before the Laman-
ites, and did adininister:death unto all those who op-
posed them; and as-the remainder of our army -were
about to -give way before the Lamanites, behold, those
two thousand and sixty. were firm and undaunted:
yea, and they did obey,and- observe to perform every
word.of command with exactness; yea, -and even ae-
cording to their faith, it was done unto them; and ]
did. remember the words which. they said unto.me that
their mothers had taught them. - And now _ behold, it
was.these, my sons, and those men who had_ been se-
lected to convey the prisoners, to whom we owe this
great victory; for it was they who did beat the La-
manites; therefore they were driven back to the. city
of Manti.. And we retainedour city Cumeni,. and
were not all destroyed by thesword; nevertheless, we
had suffered great loss. 4

And it came to pass that after the Lamanites had
fled, I immediately gave orders that my men who had
been wounded, should be taken from among the dead,
and caused that their wounds should be dressed. And
it came to pass that there were two hundred, out of
my two thousand and sixty, who-had, fainted because
of the loss of blood; nevertheless, according. to the
goodness of God, and to our great astonishment, and
also the foes of our whole army, there was. not. one
soul of them who did perish; yea, and neither was
there one soul among them who had. not received
many.wounds, And now, their preservation was a8-
tonishing .to.our whole army+,yea,. that: they: should
be spared, while there was a thousand.of our brethren
who,were slain.’ And. we, do, justly -ascribe-it to the
miraculous power of God,,because of their exceeding

z
