ren out of the Jand, And those cities which had been
taken by the Lamanites, all of them are at this period
of time in our possession; and our fathers, and our
women, and our children, are’ returning to their
homes, all save it be those who have been taken pris-
oners and carried off by the Lamanites. But behold,
our armies are small, to maintain so great a number
of cities, and so great possessions. But behold, we
trust that our God, who has given us victory over
those lands, insomuch that we have obtained those
cities and those lands, which were our own. Now
we do not know the cause that the government does
not grant us more strength; neither do those men
who came up unto us, know why we have not receiv-
ed. greater strength. Behold, we do not know but
what ye are unsuccessful, and ye have drawn away
the forees into that quarter of the land; if so, we do
not desire to murmur. And if it is not so, behold, we
fear that there is some faction in the government,
that they do not send more men to our assistance;
for we know that they are more numerous than that
whichthey have sent. But behold, it mattereth not;
we trust God will deliver us, notwithstanding the
weakness of our armies, yea, and deliver us out of the
hands of our enemies. Behold, this is the twenty
and ninth year, in the latter end, and we are in the
possession of our lands; and the Lamanites have fled
to the land of Nephi. And those sons of the people
of Ammon of whom I have so highly spoken, are
with me in the city of Manti; and the Lord has sup-
ported them, yea, and kept them from falling by the
sword, insomuch that even one soul has not been
slain. But behold, they have received many wounds;
nevertheless they stand fast in that liberty wherewith
God has made them free; and they are strict to re-
member the Lord their God, from day to day; yea,
they do observe to keep his statutes, and his judg-
ments, and his commandments continually; and their
faith is strong in the prophecies concerning that which
isto come. And now my beloved brother Moroni,
that the Lord our God who has redeemed us and made
us free, nay keep you continually in his presence;
yea, and that he may favor this people, even that ye
may have success in obtaining the possession of all
that which the Lamanites have taken from us, which
Wasfor ovif support. And now behold,'I close mine
istle.”T arn Helaman, the son of Almas ~~~
