to doubt, because of the wickedness of the people,
whether they should not fall into the hands of their
brethren. Now this was the case with all. his. chief
captains. They doubted and marveled also, because
of the wickedness of the people; and this because of
the success of the Lamanites overthem. And itcame
to pass that Moroni was angry with the government,
because of their indifference concerning the freedom of
their country. 
And it came to pass that he wrote again to the gov-
ernor of the land, who was Pahoran, and these are the
words which he wrote, saying, behold, I direct mine
epistle to Pahoran, in the city of Zarahemla, who is
the chief judge and the governor over the land, and
also to all those who have been chosen by this people
to govern and manage the affairs of this war; for be-
hold, I have somewhat to say unto them by the way.
of condemnation; for behold, ye yourselves know that
ye have been appointed to gather together men, and
arm them with swords, and with cimeters, and all
manner of weapons of war, of every kind, and send
forth against the Lamanites, in whatsoever parts they
should come into our land. And now: behold, I say
unto you, that myself, and also my men,-and also He-
laman and his men, have suffered exceeding great suf-
ferings; yea, even hunger, thirst, and fatigue, and all
manner of afflictions of every kind. But behold, were
this all we had suffered, we would not: murmur nor
complain; but behold, great has been the slaughter
among our people; yea, thousands have fallen by the
sword while it might have otherwise been, if ye had
rendered unto our armies sufficient strength and suc-
cor for them. Yea, great has been your neglect: to-
watds'us. And now behold, we desire to know the
cause of this exceeding great neglect; yea, we desire
to know the cause of your thoughtless state. Can
you think to: sit upon your thrones, in a state of
thoughtless stupor, while your enemies are spreading
the work of. death around you? Yea, while they are
murdering thousands of'your brethren; yea, even they
who have looked up to you for protection, yea, have
placed you in a situation that ye might have succored
them; yea; ye might have sent armis unto them, to
have strengthened them, and have saved thousands of
them from falling by the sword? But’ behold, this is
not all;ye have evithheld your provisions’ from them,
insomuch'that many have fought and’ bled out: their
