ken’ prisoners; and Pahoran was restored to’ his judg.
ment seat.. And the men of Pachus received’ their tr:
al, according to the law, and also those king-men who
had been taken and cast into prison; and they were
executed according to the law; yea, those men of Pa.
chus, and’ those king-men, whosoever would not take
up arms in the defence of their country, but would
fight against it, were putto death. And thus it be-
came expedient that this law should be strictly obsery-
ed, for the safety of their country; yea, and whosoey-
er was found denying their freedom, was speedily ex-
ecuted according to the law. And thus ended the
thirtieth year of the reign of the judges over the people
of Nephi: Moroni and Pahoran having restored peace
to the land of Zarahemla, among. their own people,
having inflicted death upon all those who were not
true to: the cause of freedom.

And it came to: pass in the commencement of the
thirty and first year of the reign of the judges over
the people of Nephi, Moroni immediately caused that
provisions should -be sent, and also an army of six
thousand men, should be sent unto Helaman, to as-
sist him in preserving that part of the land; and he ak
so caused that'an army of six thousand men, witha
sufficient quantity of food, should be-sent to the ar-
mies of Lehiand Teancum. And it came to pass that
this was done, to fortify the land against the Laman-
ites, s
And it came to pass that Moroni and Pahoran, leay-
ing a large body of men inthe land of Zarahemla,
took their march with a large body of men towards
the land of Nephihah, being determined to overthrow
the Lamanites in that city.  , :

And it came to pass that as they were marching to-
wards the land, they took a large body of men of the
Lamanites, and slew many-of them, and. took their
provisions, and. their-weapons of war. And it came
to'pass after they had took them, they caused them
to enter into a’covenant, that they would no: more
take up their weapons of war against the Nephites..
And when-they had entered into this covenant, they
sent them to dwell with the people of Ammon; and
they were in number” about four thousand, who: had
not'been’ slain. ) 2 VR 2 SENS
And it:came'to. pass that when they had sent them
away; they pursued theif’ march towards: the'land of
NephihahiAind it-came’to pass 'thatwhen they liad
