come to the city Nephihah, they did pitch their tents
in the plams of -Nephihah, which is near the city Ne-

phihah. Now Moroni was desirous that the Laman-
ites should come out to battie against them, upon the
plains; bul the Lamanites knowing of their exceeding
great courage, and beholding the greatness of their
numbers, therefore they durst not come out agains§
them; therefore they did not come to battle in thag
day. And when the night came, Moroni went forth
in the darkness-of the night, and came upon the top
of the wall to spy out in what part of the city the Lay
manites did camp with their army.

And it came to pass that they were on the east, by
the entrance; and they were all asleep. And now
Moroni returned to his army, and caused that they
should prepare in haste strong cords and ladders, to
be let down from the top of the wall into the inner
part of the wall.

Andit came to pass that Moroni caused that his
men should march forth and come upon the top of the
wall, and let themselves down into that part of the
city, yea, even on the west, where the Lamanites did
not camp with their armies.

And it came to pass that they were all let down in-
to the city by night, by the means of their strong
cords and their ladders; thus -when the morning came,
they were all within the walls of the city. And now
when the Lamanites awoke, and saw that the armies
of Moroni were within the walls, they were affrizhted
exceedingly, insomuch that they did flee out by the
pass. And now when Moroni saw that they were flee-
ing before him, he did cause that his men should. march
forth against them, and slew many, and surrounded
many: others and took them prisoners; and the remain-
der of them fled into the land of Moroni, which was
in the borders by theseashore. Thus had Moroni and
Pahoran: obtained the possession of the city of Nephi-
hah, without the loss of one soul; and there were ma-

ny of the Lamanites who were slain. /
Now it came to pass that many of the Lamanites

that were prisoners, were desirous to join the people
of Ammon,..and become a free people. And it came
to pass'that as many as were desirous, unto them it
Was granted, according to. their desires; therefore:all
the prisoners of the: Lamanites did join the people of
Ammon;and'did begin to labor exceedingly,’ tilling
