king’ didvawakehis. servant, before he died, insomuch
that they did pursue Teancum, and slew. him.

Now it came to pass that when Lehi and Moroni
knew-that 'Teancum was dead, they were exceeding
sorrowful: for behold, he had been a -man who. had
fought. valiantly for his country, yea, a true friend to
liberty;.and he had suffered very many exceeding sore
afilictions.. But behold, he was dead, and had gone
the way ofall the earth., ea

Now it came to pass that Moroni marched forth on
the morrow, and came upon the Lamanites, insomuch
that they did slay them with a great slaughter; and
they did drive them outof the land; .and they did flee,
even that they -did not return at that-time against the
Nephites. . And thus ended the thirty and first year
of the reign of the judges over the people’ of Nephi;
and thus they had had wars, and bloodsheds, and fam-
ine, and affliction, for the space of many years. And
there had been murders, and contentions, and dissen-
sions; and all manner of iniquity among the people of
Nephi; nevertheless, for the righteous’ sake, yea, be-
cause of the prayers of the righteous, they were spar-
ed. But behold, because of the exceeding great length
of the war between the. Nephites and the Lamanites,
many had become hardened, because.of the exceeding
great length of the war; and many were softened, be-
cause of their afflictions, insomuch that they did hum-
oe sobmaeises before God,. even in the depth of hu-
mility.

And it came to pass that after Moroni had fortified
those parts of the land which were) most exposed to
the Lamanites, until they were sufficiently strong, he
returned:to.:the. ciy of Zarahemla; and also Helaman
teturned:.to the.place of his inheritance;. and there was
once more. peace established among the people of Ne-
phi. And-Moroni-yielded up the command. of, his.ar-
mies into, the hands of bis son; whose name was Mo-
ronihah;-and he, retired to his own house that she
might: spend the.remainder of his days in peace. -And
Pahoran did return. to his judgment seat; and. Hela-
inan did take sipon, hini/agaim to, preach unto the peo-
ple the-word of God: for because of so many-wars.and
contentions, it/had become expedient that a.regulation
should..be made again: inthe .church; therefore Hela-
man and;hig-brethren went forth, \and did declare;the
word.of God with, much power;unto the: convincing
of many people of their wickedness, which did cause
