chi, and that part of the people that were desirous that
he should be their governor; was.exceeding wroth;
therefore he was about to flatter away those people’to
rise up in rebellion against their brethren, .. :
And it came to pass as he was about to do this, be-
hold, he was taken, and was tried according to the
voice of the people, and condemned unto death; for
he had-raised up in.rebellion, and sought toa destroy
the liberty of'the people. Now when those: people who
were desirous that he should be their governor, saw
that he was condemned unto death, therefore: they.
were angry; and behold, they sent forth one Kishku-
men, even to the judgment seat of Pahoran, and mur-
dered Paboran as he sat upon the.jadgment seat. And
he was pursued by the servants of Pahoran; but be-
hold, so speedy. was the flight of Kishkumen, that no
man could. overtake,him.. And. he went unto those
that sent him, and they all entered.into a covenant,
yea, swearing by their. everlasting. Maker, that they
would tell.no man that Kishkumen had murdered Pa-
horan; therefore Kishkumen. was not known among
the people of Nephi, for he was in disguise at the time
that he murdered Pahoran,. And Kishkumen, and his
band who had covenanted with him, did mingle them-
selves among the people, ina manner that they. all
could not be-found;: but as many.as were’found, were
condemned :unto death. . Andnow behold, Pacumeni
was appointed, according to the voite of the people, to
be achief. judge and:a governor over the people,:to
reignin’ the stead of his’brother Pahoran;: and it was
aceording to his right... And.all.this was done, in the
eae year of the reign of the judges;.and it-had-an
Md: cpg rd RIE 4 ' sg
And it cama. to pass in the forty and first-year of, 
the reign of the judges, that the Lamanites had gath-
ered together/an innumerable army of men, and armed 
them with swords, and with cimeters, and with bows;
and with -arrows, and. with head:plates, and with
breast.plaies, and: with allimanner of shields of ' every
Kind;. and. they came: down again; that they might
pitch battle,against.the Nephites. ,.And they were
by a. man. whose name.was Coriantumr; and he was a
descendant, of Zarghemla; and he.was a dissenter from
among the:Nephites; and-he was a large and:g mighty
man;-therefore:the: king of the Lamanites, whose
hane.was: Cubalothywho,was the:son/ofAmmoron,
ubposing.that Goriantuimr,: being a.mighty'man;.could


