number of the Nephites’ who.were. slain; for hehold,
Moronihalt had supposed that the Lamanites durst not
come into the center of the land, but that they: would
attack the cities round about;in, the borders as. they
had hitherto. done; therefore Moronihah. had caused
that their strong armies. should maintain those parts
round about by the borders. But behold, the Laman-
ites were-not frightened according to his desire, but
they had come into'the center of the land, and had ta-
ken the capital city, which was the city. of Zarahem-
la, and were marching through.the most capital, parts
of the land, slayiag the people with a great slaughter,
both men, women and children, taking possession of
many -cities and of many-strong holds. But when
Moronihah had discovered this, he immediately sent
forth .Lehi with an army round about to head them,
before they. should come to the land Bountiful. And
thus. he did;and he.did, head them, before they came
to the land Bountiful, and gave unto them battle, in-
somuch that they began to retreat back towards the
land of Zarahemla. And it came to pass that Moroni-
hah did. head them in their retreat, and did give unto
them battle insomuch that it became an exceeding
bloody battle;, yea, many were slam; and among the
number who were slain, Coriantumr was-also found,..
And. now behold the Lamanites could not retreat ei-
ther way; neither on the-north, nor onthe south, nor
on the east, nor on the west, for they. were surrounded
on every hand by the Nephites: _ And thus had Cori-
antumr plunged. the Lamanites into the midst of the

Nephites, insomuch that they were in the. power. of ©

the Nephites, and he himself was, slain, andthe La-
manites did yield themselyes into the hands of the
Nephites. we aS
And it-came to pass that Moronihah took possession
of the-city, of Zarahemla again, and.caused that the
Lamanites who had been taken prisoners: should de-
part out of the land in peace, And thus ended the
forty and first year of the reign of the judges.
 And it came to pass in the forty and second year of
the reign of the judges, affer Moronihah had establish-
ed again peace between the Nephites and the Laman-
Ates, behold there was no one tofill the judgment seats
therefore there began.to be.a contention again among
the People jgoncenting who should fill the judgment
Seat, it came. to pass. that Helaman, who was

 

&
