withdrawn: from them, because: the spirit of the Lord
dothnot dwell in unholy temples; therefore the Lord
did cease to-preserve them by his miraculous  and
matchless power, for they had fallen into a state of un-
belief and awful wickedness; and they saw that, the
Lamanites were more exceeding. numerous than they,
and except they should cleaye unto the Lord their God,
they must unavoidably perish. For behold, they saw
that the strength of the Lamanites was as greatas
their strength, even man for man. And thus had they
fallen into this great transgression; yea, thus had they
become’ weak, because ot their transgression, in:the
space of not many years, ' wn ag

- And it came to pass that in this same year, behold,
Nephi delivered: up the judgment seat, to'a man whose
name was Cezoram. For as their laws and-their govern-
ments were established by the voice of the people, and
they who'chose evil were more numerous than they
who chose:good, therefore they were ripening for des-
truction, for the laws had become corrupted; . yea, and
this.was not all; they were'a stiffnecked people, inso-
much that they could not be governed by the law nor
justice, save it were to their destruction.

And it came to pass that Nephi-had become weary,
because of their iniquity}: andhe yielded! up-the judg-
ment seat; and took itupon him to preach the word of
God all the remainder of his days, and his brother Le-
hi also, all the remainder of his days: forthey remem-
bered the words which their father Helaman spake’ un-
to'them. And these are the. words which he spake:
behold,.my sons, I desire that ye should remember to
keep the commandments of God; and I would that ye
should-declare unto the people these words, behold, I
have given unto you the names of our first’ parents,
who cane: out. of: the land of Jerusalem; and’ this I
have done, that when you remember your'names, that
ye may remember them; and when ye rememher them,
ye may remember their works; and when ye remember
their works,:ye may know how that it is said;and al-
80 written, that they were good; therefore my sons, I
Would that:ye should'do that.which is good, thateit
may. be said of you, and also .written, even as it has
been said andweitten of them.’ Ard now my sons,
behold; Lhave'somewhat more 'to-desire of you, which
desire'is that:ye may not-do'these things that ye’may
boast; but-that-ye’ may:do thesethings tolay up'for

Yourselver @ treasure in heaven, yea, which iseternal,
