didtely' returned to'the Nephites; to endeavor to repair
unto them the'wrongs Which they had done. And it:
came to pass that Nephi and Lehi did preach unto the:
Lamanites with sach great power and authority, for

they had power and authority given unto them that

they might-speak> and theyalso had what they should

speak; given unto them; therefore they did speak unto
the great astonishment of the Lamanites, to the con-

vincing them, insomuch that there were eight thou-

sand of the Lamanites who were in the land of Zara-

hemla and round about, baptized unto repentance, and
wereconvineed of the wickedness of the traditions of
their fathers. :

And it came to pass that Nephi and Lehi did pro-
eeed from thence to go to the land of Nephi. And it
came to pass that they were taken by an army: of the
Lamanites, and cast into prison; yea, even in that:
same prison in which Ammon and his brethren were
cast by the servants of Limhi. And after they had
been cast into prison many days without food, behold,
they went forth intothe prison to take them, thatthey
might slay them: And it came to pass that Nephi
and Lehi were encircled about as if by fire, even inso-
much that they durst not lay their hands upon them,
for fear, lest they should be burned, Nevertheless, Ne.
phi and Lehi were not burned; and they were as stand-
ing in the midst of fire, and were not burned: And’
when they saw that they were encircled about witha
pillar of'fire, and:that it burned them not, their hearts’
did take courage. ' For they saw that the’ Lamanites
dust not-lay their hands: upon them; neither duret
they come near unto them, but stood as if they were
struck damb with amazement. . 

And it came to pass that Nephiand Lehi did stand
forth, and'began to speak unto them, saying, fear not
for behold, it is God that has shewn unto you this
marvelous thing, in’ the which is shewn.urito you, that
ye cannot lay your hands onus to slay us. © And'be~
hold; when they-had said these words; the earth shdok
ekceedingly, and the walls of the ptison did-shake, as
ifthey rere'abont to tumble to the earth; but bebold,”
they did notfall.: And behold} they that were'in-the
Prison, were Tiamanites, and: Nephites who were'dis->
Senters. And-itcame to pass that they were overs’
shadowed: with=a cloud of darkhess,’ and ahawfuk;’
solemn feirame upon them:  And: it canie’to spase®
that therereame a voice;'as if it were above'the cloud:
