shall:-haye:faith in Christ, who was taught anto you om
Alma, and Amulek, and .Zeezrom;and-when ye shall:
be removed from overshadowingyou. sh

And it came .to pass’ that they all did begin to ery.
unto the voice of him. who had shook the earth; .yea,
they did cry even until the cloud of darkness was dis-
persed. And it came to pass that. when they cast theiz
eyes about, and saw thatthe cloud-of darkness was dis+
persed from overshadowing them, and behold,. they
saw that they were.encircled about, yea, every soul, by
a pillar of fire. And Nephi and Lehi were. in the,
midst of them; yea, they were encircled about; yea,
they were as if in the midst of a flamingfire, yet it did
harm them not, neither did it take hold. upon the walls
of the prison; and they were filled-with that joy which:
is unspeakable. and full of glory. And benold the Holy
Spirit of God did come down from heaven, and did
enter into. their hearts, and they were filled as if with
fire; and they could speak forth marvelous words.

And it came.to pass that there.came a voice unto
them, yea, a pleasant voice, as if it were a whisper,
saying, peace, :peace be unto you, because of your faith
in-my well beloved, who was from the foundation of
the world. .And now when they heard.this, they cast:
up their eyes as if to behold from: whence the voice
came; and behold, they. saw the heavens: open; and
angels came down out of heaven, and ministered unto
them, And there were about three hundred souls who
saw and heard these things; and they were bid to go
forth and marvel not, neither should they doubt. And
it came to pass: that. they did go forth, and. did minister
unto the peeple, declaring throughout all the regions
round about, all the things which they had heard and:
seen; insomuch that. the more part of the Lamanites
Were convinced of them, because of the greatness of
the evidences, which they had received; and as many
ag Were convinced, did lay down their weapons of war,
and also their hatred, and the tradition of their fathers.
And it came: to pass that they did-yield up. unto the:
Nephitea, the lands of their possession. on

And it came to pass that when the sixty and second.
year of the reign of the judges. had ended,. all these
things had: happened, and the Lamanites- had: become,’
the morepart of them, a righteous people, insomuch
that their righteousness did exceed that of the Nephites,

cause oftheir firmness, and their steadiness in the
frith.’ For-hehold, there: were many of the Nephites
