who. had become hardened, and impenitent,-and groxg:
ly wicked, insomuch that they did reject the word of

od, and all the preaching and prophesying which did
come among them. -Nevertheless, the people of the
cherch did. have great joy, because of the conversion
of the Lamanites; yea, because of the church of God,
which had been. established among. them. And they
did fellowship one with another, and did rejoice one
with another, and did haye greatjoy: And/it came to
pass that many-of the Lamanites did comie down into
the land of Zarahemla, and did declare unto the people
of the Nephitesthe manner of their’ conversion, and:
did exhort.them to’ faith and repentance; yea, and
many did preach with exceeding great power and au-
thority, unto the bringing down-many of them into
the depths’ of humility, to be the:-humble followers of
God and the Lamb. -

And it-eame to pass that many of the Lamanites did
go into the’ land northward; and also Nepm and Lehi
went into the land northward, to preach unto the peo-
ple. And thus.ended the sixty and third year. And
beliold, there was peace in all the land, insomuch that
the Nephites did:go into whatsoever part of the land
they would, whether among: the Nephites or the La-
manites.:!’ And it came to pass:that the Lamanites did
also go whithersoever they would, whether it were
among the: Lamanites or among’ the: Nephites; and
thus tliey did have free intercourse one with another,
to buy and 'to sell, and to, get gain, according to their
desire. ee Mad OE Gt Figo ete

And it came'to pass that they became exceeding rich,
both the Lamanites and: the, Nephites; and they dit
have an exceeding. plenty of gold, and of silver, and
of all manner of precious metals;-both in the land:south,
and in the land north. Now theland-south was:called
Lehi, and the land north was:called Mulek, which was
after the sons of Zedekiah; for: the ord did bring
Malek into the land north; and Lehiinto the: land
southy  And behold,’ there was all-manner of goldin
both these lands, and: of -silver,and-of precious. ore of
every kind; and there were algocurious workmen, who
did work all kinds of. ore; and: did: refine: ity.and thus
they did become: rich. They'did raise grain in abund:
ance} both in'tho:notth andin the-eouth; and they. did
flourish: exceedingly; bothiin'thie-north and in the south:
And > they did anultiply'and ,wax:exceeding istropg
the/land! And they-did: raisemany-flooke-and herts
