And it came: to-pass that they did have their signs,
yea, their secret signs; and,-their secret words; and
this that they might distinguish a brother who had-en-
tered into the covenant, that whatsoever wickedness
his brother should do, he, should not be injured by his
brother, nor by those who did belong to his band, who
had taken this covenant; and thus they might’ murder,
and plunder, and stealy and commit whoredoms, and
all manner of wickedness, contrary to the laws of their
eountryand also the laws-of their God; and .who-
soever of those who belonged to their band, should
reveal unto-the world of their: wickedness and their
abominations,,.should:be tried, not according to the
laws of their country, but according to. the laws. of
their wickedriess,: which had been'given.by Gadian-
ton and Kishkumen. Now. behold, it is these secret
oaths and.covenants, which.Alma commanded his son
should not go forth unto :the world, lest they should
be a means of bringing: down the people unto destruc-
tion.. Now behold, those: secret:.caths.and covenants
did not:come’ forth unto Gadianton from. the records
which were delivered unto Helaman; but behold, they
were’ put into the heart of Gadianton; by that same be-
ing who-did entice our first parents to partake of the
forbidden fruit; yea, that. same. being. who did plot
with Cain,.that if he: would murder his brother Abel,
it'should. not be known unto the world, . And he-did
plot, with Cain and his followers, from, that-time forth.
Avid algo it. is that..same being who put it into the
hearts of the people, to build a tower sufficiently high

_ that they might get to heaven.’ And:it was that same
being who led:on the people who-came from that tow-
er, into this land; who spread the works of darkness
and abominations over all the face of the land, until
he dragged the people down to an entire destruction,
and. to an everlasting heell;: yea, it is that same_ being
who put-itinte the heart of Gadianton, to still earty
on the work of darkness, and of secret murder; and he
hasbrought it.forth fromthe beginning of, man, eve?
down to this time. And. behold, it. is he who is the
author of all sin. ' And behold,he doth carry on his
works of darkness: and secret-murder, and doth hand
. down their plots,.and their oaths, and their covenants,
and their plans of awfulwickedness, .from: eneralion

_ to.generation, according as;.he. can. get hold upon
hearts: of the children of; mem;,.And snow behold, .he
had got great hold upon: the. hearts of the Nephitesi
