yea, insomuch that they had become exceeding wicked;
yea, the more part of them had turned out of the way
of righteousness, andvdid’ trample under their feet the
commandments of God, and did turn unto their own’
ways, and did build up unto themselves idols of their
goll and their silver.  ee

And it came to pass, thatall these iniquities did come
unto' them, in the space of not many years, insomuch
that atnore part of it had come unto them in the sixty
and seyenth year of the reign of the judges oyer the
people of Nephi. And they-did grow in their iniquities,
inthe sixty and eighth year alsg, to the great sorrow
and lamentation of the righteous. And thus we-see
that the Nephites did begin to dwindle in unbelief, and
grow in wickedness and abominaticns, while the La-
manites began to, grow exceedingly in. the, knowledge
oftheir God; yea, they did begin to keep his.statutes
aud commandments, and to walk in truth and upright-
ness before him. And thus we see that. the spirit of
the Lord began to withdraw from the Nephites, because
of the wickedness and the hardness of their. hearts.
And.thus we see that -the Lord began to. pour out his
spirit upon. the .Lamnanites, because of their easiness
and willingness to believe in his. word, .

.Andit came to pass that the Lamanites did hunt
the band of robbers of Gadianton; and they did preach
tie word of God among the more wicked part of them,
imsomuch that this band of robbers. was utterly destroy-
ed froth among the Lamanites. And, if came to pass
on the other hand, that the Nephites did build them.up
and support them, beginning at the more wicked part,
of'them, until they had overspread all the land of the-
Nephites, and had seduced the more part of the right-.
fous until they had come down to betieve in their
Works, and partake or their spoils, and to join with
them in their secret, murders and combinations. And.
thus they did obtain the sole management of the go-.
vernment, insomuch that they did trample under their.
feet, and smite, and rend, and turn their backs upon
the poor, and the meek, and the humble followers of

 And thus we sec that they were in an awful
state, and ripening for an everlasting destruction.
ae it ose te, pass oe pais oe oe rages and :

pth year of the, reign of the judges over the @
of Napa 22 Pelgn of the judges over the penp
