of God should come? And as he lifted up the brazen
serpent in the wilderness, even so shalt he be lifted up
who should come, <And.as many as should. look upon
that serpent should live, even so as many as should
look upon the Son of God, with faith, having a con-
trite spirit, might live, even unto that life which is
eternal. And now behold; Moses did not only testi-
fy of these things, but also all the holy. prophets, from
his days even to the days of Abraham. Yea, and be.
hold, Abraham saw of his coming, and was filled with
gladness, and did rejoice. Yea, and behold I say un-
to you, that Abraham not only knew. ofthese things,
but there were many before the days of Abraham who
were called by the order of God; yea, even after the
order of his Son; and this that it should be shewn
unto the people a great many thousand years before
his coming, that even redemption should come unto
them. And nowI would-that ye should know, that
even since the days of Abraham, there have been’ ma-
ny prophets that have testified these things; yea, he-
hold, the. prophet, Zenos did testify boldly; for .the
which he was slain. And behold, also 'Zenoch, and
also Ezias, and also Isaiah, and. Jeremiah, (Jeremiah
being that same prophet who testified of the destrue-
tion of Jerusalem.) And now we know that Jerusa-
lem was destroyed according to the words of Jeremi-
ah, O then why not the Son of God come, according
to his prophecy? And now will-ye dispute that Jera-
salem was destroyed? Will ye say that the sons of
Zedekiah were not’ slain; all except it were Mulekt
Yea, and do ye not'behold that the seed of Zedekiah
are with us, and they were driven out of the land of
Jerusalem? But behold, this. is not all, Our.father
Lehi was.driven out of Jerusalem, because he testified
of these things. Nephi also testified of these. things,
and also almost. all of our.fathere, even down to th

time; yea, they have testified of the coming of Christ,
and have looked forward, and have rejoiced in his day
which is to come.’ And behold, he is God, and he is
with them, and he did manifest. himself unto: them,
that they were redeemed by him; and they gaye unto
him. glory, because of that which ig to come. And
now seeing ye know these things, and cannot deny
them, except ye. shall lie, therefore.in this. ye. have
sinned, for ye have rejected all. these things, notwith-
., Standing so many evidences which-ye have received;
yea, even ye have received. all things, both things m
