heaven, and all things which are in the earth, asa
witness that they are true. But behold, ye have re-
jected the'ttuth, and rebelled against your holy God;
and even at this time, instead of laying up for your-
selves treasures in heaven, where nothing doth cor-
rupt,and where nothing can eome which is unclean,
ye are heaping up for yourselves wrath against the
day of judgment;. yea, even at this time ye are ripen-
ing, because of your murders, and your fornication
and wickedness, for everlasting destruction; yea, and
except ye repent, it will come unto you soon; yea,
behold it is now even at your doors; yea, go ye in un-
to the judgment seat, and search; and behold, your
judge is mardered, and he lieth in his blood; and he
hath been murdered. by his’ brother, who seeketh to
sit in the judgment seat. And’ behold, they both be-
long to your secret band, whose author is Gadianton,
and the evil one who-seeketh to destroy the souls of
men,

Behold now it came to pass that when Nephi had
spoken these words, certain menwho were among
them ran to the judgment seat; yea, even there were
five who went; and they said among themselves, as
they went, behold, now we will’ know of. asurety,
whether this man be a prophet, and God hath com-
manded him to prophesy such marvelous things unto
us. Behold we do not believe that he hath; yea, we
do not believe that he is a prophet; nevertheless, if
this thing which he has said concerning: the chief
Judge-be true; that he be dead, then will -we believe
thatthe other words which he has spoken are trae.
And it came to pass'that they ran in their might, and
came in unto the judgment seat; and behold the chief
jadge had fallen to the edrth, and did lie in his blood.’
Andnow behold, when they saw this, they were as-
tonished exceedingly, insomuch that they fell to the
earth; for they had not believed the words which’ Ne-
phi had spoken concerning the chief judge; but-new
When they saw they believed, and fear came upon’
them, lest all the judgments which Nephi had spoken®
should come. upon the people; therefore they did
quake, and liad. fallen to the earth. Now immediates
ly when the judge had- been murdered: he being’ stab-

ek his brother, by a garb of secrecy; and he fled, .
ang

id the servants ran and told the, people, raising the
a of murderamong them. And: behold: the people
did gather thenigelves toetlier utito’ the place of the”

EE
