fess hie fault and-make known unto us the true mur-
derer of this judge. And it came to pass that the five
were liberated on the day of the burial., Nevertheless,
they did rebuke the we es in the words which they
had. spoken against Nephi, and did contend with them
one by one, insomuch that they did confound them.
Nevertheless, they caused that Nephi should be taken
and bound and brought before the multitude, and they
began to question him in diverse ways, that they
might cross him, that they might accuse him to death;
saying unto him, thou art confederate; who is this
man that has done this murder? Now tell us, and.ac-
knowledge thy fault, saying, behold heres money;
and also we will grant unto thee thy life if thou will
tellus and acknowledge the agreement which thou
hast made with him. But.Nephi said unto them, O
ye fools, ye uncircumcised,of heart, ye blind, and ye
stiffnecked people, do ye know how long the Lord
your God will suffer you that ye shall go on-in this
your way of sin?’ O ye had ought to begin to, howl
and mourn, because.of the great destruction at this
time which doth await you, except ye shall repent.
Behold, ye say that I have agreed with a man, that he
should murder Seezoram, our chief judge. But be-
hold, [ say unto you, that this is because I have testi-
fied unto you, that ye might know concerning this
thing; yea, even for a witness unto you, that I did
know of the wickedness and abominations which are
among you. And because I have done this, ye say
that ] have agreed with a man that he should do this
thing; yea, because I shewed unto you this sign, ye
are. angry with me, and seek to destroy my life. And
now behold, I will shew unto you another sign, and
see if ye will in this thing seek to destroy me. Be-
hold I say u:.to you, go to the house of Seantum, who
is the brother of Seezoram, and say unto him, has Ne-
phi, the pretended prophet, who doth prophesy so 
much evil concerning tais people, agreed. with thee,

in the which ye have murdered Seezoram, who is

your brother? And behold, he shall say unto you, ,
nay. And ye shall say unto him, have ye. murdered

your brother? And he shall stand with fear, and wist

not what to say. And behold, he shall deny unto

you;. and he shall make as if-he were astonished; ney-

ertheless, he shall declare unto you that he is inno-

cent, But behold, ye shall examine him, and ye shall
