find blood upon the skirts of his- cloak... And when
ye have seen this, ye shall say, from whence cometh
this blood? Do we not’ know that it is the blood of
your brother? And then:shall hetremble, and shall
jook pale, even as if death’had come upon him. And
then shall ye say, because of this fear and this pale-
ness Which has come upon your face, behold, we
know that thou art guilty. And then shall greater
fear come upon him; and then shall he confess unto
you, and deny no more that he has done this’murder,
And then shall he say unto you, that.J, Nephi, know
nothing concerning the matter, save it were given un-
to'me by the power of God. And then shall ye know
that T am an honest man, and that I am sent unto you
from God.

And it came to' pass that they went and -did, even
according as Nephi, had said unto them. And behold,
the words which he had said, were true; for accord-
ing to the words, he did deny; and also according to
the words he did confess. And he was brought to
prove that he himself was the very murderer, inso-
much that the five were set at liberty; and also was
Nephi, And there were some of the Nephites who
believed on the words of Nephi; and there were some
also, who believed, because of the testimony of the
five, for they had been converted while they were in
prison. And now there were some among the peo-
ple, who said that Nephi was a prophet; and there
were others who said, behold, he is a god, for except
he was a god, he could not know of ali-things. For
behold, he has told'us the thoughts of our hearts, and
also has told us things; and ever he has brought unto
our knowledge the true murderer of our chief judge.

And it came to pass that there arose a division
among the people, insomuch that-they. divided hither
and thither, and went their ways, leaving Nephi
alone, as he was-standing in'the midst of them. And
it came to pass that Nephi went his way towards his
own house, pondering upon the. things which the
Lord had shewn unto him. And_ it came to pass a3
he was thus pondering,.being much cast down be-
cause of the wickedness of the people of the Nephites,
their secret works of darkness, and their murderings,
and. their plunderings, and all manner of iniquities.
and'it came to pass as he was thus pondering in. his
heart, behold;'a voice came unto him, saying, blessed
art thou, Nephi, for those things which thou hast

e
