. by thousands, in the more wicked parts of the
land. ge
And it caine to pass that the people saw that they
were about to perish by famine, and they began to re-
member the Lord their God; and they began to re-.
member the words of Nephi. And the people began
to plead with their chief judges and their leaders, that
they. would say unto Nephi, behold, we know that
thou art a man of God, and therefore cry unto the
Lord our God, that he turn ayvay from us this famine,
lest all the words which thou hast spoken concerning
our desiruction, be fulfilled.- And it came to pass
that the judges did say unto Nephi, according to the
words which had been desired. And it came to pass
that when Nephi'saw that the people had repented,
and did humble themselves in sackcloth, he cried
egain unto the Lord, saying, O Lord, behold this peo-
ple repenteth; and they have swept away the band
of Gadianton from amongst them, insomuch that they
have become extinct, and they have concealed their
sectet plans in the earth. Now, O -Lord, because of
this their. humility, wilt thou turn away-thine anger,
andlet thine anger be appeased in the destruction of
those wicked men whom thou hast already destroyed?
O Lord, wilt thou turn away thine anger, yea, thy
fierce anger, and cause that this famine may cease in
this land?, O Lord, wilt thou hearken unto me, and
cause that it may be done according.to my words, and
send forth rain upon the face of the earth, that she
may bring forth her fruit and her grain, in the season
of grain? O Lord, thon didst hearken unto my words
when I said, let there be a famine, that the pestilence
of the sword might cease; and J know that thou wilt,
even at this time, hearken unto my words, for thou
said, that if this people repent, I will spare them;
peas O Lord, and thou seest that they have repented,
ecause of the famine, and the pestilence and destruc-
tion which has come unto them. And now, O Lord,
Wilt thou turn away thine anger, and try again if they
Will serve thee? And'if so, O Lord, thou canst. bless
them according to thy words which thou hast said:
d:it came to pass that inthe. seventy and sixth
year, the Lord did turn away his anger from the peo-
Ple, and caused that rain should fall upon the earth,
insomuch that it did bring forth her fruit in the season
Of her fruit,-And. it carne-to :pass that it did: bring

forth her grain, inthe seasonof her grains: And be-
