hold, the people did rejoice,,and glorify God, and the
whole face of the land was filled with rejoicing; and
they did ho more seek to destroy Nephi, but they did
esteem himas a great prophet, and a manof God,
having great power and authority given unto him from
God. nd behold, Lehi, his brothers was not a whit
behind him as to things pertaining to righteousness.
And thus it did come to pass that the people of Nephi
began to prosper-again in the land, and began to build
up their waste places, and began to multiply and
spread, even until they did cover the whole face of the
land, both on the northward and on the southward,
from the sea west, to the sea east. And it came to
pass that the seventy and sixth year did end in peace.
And the seventy and seventh year began in peace;
and the church did spread thoughout the face of all
the land: and the more part of the people, both the
Nephites and the Lamanites, did belong to the church;
and they. did have exceeding great peace in the land,
and thus ended the seventy and seventh year. And
also they had peace in the seventy and eighty year,
save it were a few contentions concerning the points
of doctrine which had been laid down by the prophets.
And in the seventy and ninth year, there began to be
much strife. But it came to pass that Nephi and Le-
hi, and many of their brethren, who knew concerning
the true points of doctrine, having many revelations
daily, therefore they did preach unto the people, inso-
much that they did put an end to their strife in that
same year. )

, And it came to pass that in theeightieth year of the
reign of the judges over the people of Nephi, there
were a certain number of the dissenters from the peo-
ple of Nephi, who had some years before gone over
unto the Lamanites, and took upon themselves the
name of Lamanites; and also, a certain number who
were real descendants of the Lamanites, being.stirred
up to.anger.by them, or by-those dissenters, therefore
they commenced a'war with their brethren. And
they did. commit marder and: plunder; and then they
would retreat back into the mountains, and into the
wilderness and secret places, hiding. themselves that
they, could not be-discovered, receiving daily an addi-
tion to their numbers, inasmuch as there were dissent
ers that went forth:unto;them; and thus.in time; yee
even inthe space,of: not: many: years, they. became a0
exceeding great band of robbers;,and they:did-seatel)
