smitten; yea, I will visit them with the sword, and
with famine, and with pestilence; yea, I will visit
them in my fieree'gnger, and there shall be those of
the fourth generation, who shall live, of your enemies,
to behold your utter destruction; and this shall surely
come, except ye repent, saith the Lord: and those
of the fourth generation shall visit your destruction..
But if ye will repent and return unto the Lord your
God, I will turn away mine anger saith the Lord; yea,
thus saith the Lord, blessed are they who will repent
and turn unto me, but wo unto him that repenteth
not; yea, wo unto this great city of Zarahemla; for
behold it is because of those who are righteous, that it
is saved; yea, wo unto this great city, for I perceive,
saith the Lord, that there are many, yea, even the
niore part of this great city that will harden their hearts
against me saith the Lord. But blessed are they-who
will repent, forthem willl spare. But behold if it
were not for the righteous who are in this great city,
behold I would cause that fire should come down out
of heaven, and destroy it. But behold, it is for the
righteous’ sake, that it is spared. But behold, the
lime cometh, saith the Lord, that when ye shall cast
out the righteous from among you, then shall ye be
ripe for destruction; yea,-wo-be’ unto this great city,.
because of the wickedness and abominations which are
in her; yea, and wo be unto the eity of Gideon, for
the wickedness and abominations which are in her;
yea, and wo be unto all the cities which are in the
and round about, which are possessed by the Nephites,
because of the wickedness and abominations which are
m them; and behold, a. curse shall come upon the
land, saith the Lord of Hosts, because of the people’s
sake who are upon the land; yea, because of their
wickedness and their’abominations. e,

 And it shall come to pass, saith the Lord of Hosts,

 Fea, our great and true God, that whoso shall hide up
treasures in the earth, shall find them again no more,
because of the great curse of the land, save he bea
righteous man, and shall hide it up unto’ the Lord, for
Iwill saith: the Lord, that they shall hide up their
treasures. unto me; and cursed. be they who hide. not
up their treasures unto me; for none. hideth up their
treasures’ unto. me save it be the righteous; and he
that hideth not:up his treasures unto me, cursed is -he;
thd algo the treasure, and none ghall redeem it because
of the curse ofthe land: . And. the day shall come:that
