they shall hide up their treasures, because they have
set their hearts upon riches; and because they haye
set their hearts upon their riches, } will-hide up their
treasures when they shall flee before their enemies,
because they will not hide theth up unto me; cursed
be they, and also their treasures; and in that day shall
thay be smitten, saith the Lord. Behold ye, the peo.
ple of this great city, and hearken unto my words;
yer hearken unto the words which'the Lord saith; for
ehold, he saith that ye are cursed because of your
riches, and also are your riches cursed because ye have
set your hearts upon them, and have not hearkened
unto the words of him who gave them unito-you. Ye
do not remember the Lord your God in the things
which he hath blessed you, but ye do always remen-
ber your riches, not to thank the Lord your God for
them; yea, your heart-is not drawn out unto the Lord,
but they do swell with great pride, unto boasting, and
unto great swelling, envyings, strifes, malice, perse-
entions, and murders, and all manner of iniquities.
For’ this cause hath the Lord God caused that a curse
should comeupon tlie land, and also upon your riches;
and this because of your iniquities; yea, wo unto this
people, because of this time which has arriven, thet
ye do cast out the prophets, and do mock them, and
ast stones at them, and do slay them, and do all
manner of iniquity unto them, even as they did of old
time. And now when ye talk, ye say, if our days had
been in the days of our fathers of old, ye would not
have slain the prophets; ye would not have stoned
them, and cast them out. Behold ye are worse than
_ they; for as the Lord liveth, if a-prophet come among
you, and declareth unto you the word of the’ Lord,
which testifieth of your sins and iniquities, ye are al
gry with him, and cast hin out, and seek all manne
of ways to destroy him; yea, you willsay that he ws
false prophet, and that he is.a sinner, and of the der 
il, because: he testifieth that your deeds are evil. . But 
behold, ifa man shall come among you,’and shall say;
do this, and there is no iniquity; do that,, and ye shal 
not suffer; yea, he will say, walk after the pride of
your own hearts; yea, walk after the pride of you
ayes, and do. whatsoever your heart desireth; aad
if a man. shall come among you.and say this, ye.
receive him, and say that he is ap wil

het}: yea, ye
lift him up, and ye will give: unto-himof your sub-
stance; ye will give unto him of yourgold, and of your
