that the anger of the Lord be turned away from you,
and that ye would repent and be saved.

And now it came to pass that Samuel, the Lamanite,
did prophesy a gteat many more things which cannot
be written. And behold, he said unto them, behold, I
give unto you a sign: for five years more cometh, and
behold, then cometh the Son of God to redeem all
those who shall believe on his name. And behold,
this will I give unto you for a sign at the time’of his
coming; for behold, there shall be great lights in heay-
en, insomuch that in the night betore he cometh, there
shall be no darkness, insomuch that it shall appear un-
toman as if it was day; therefore there shall be one
day anda night, and a day, as if it were one day, and
there were no night; and this shall be unto you fora
sign; for ye shall know of the rising of the sun, and
also of its setting; therefore they shall know ofa sure-
ty that there shall be two days and a night; neverthe-
less the night shall.not be darkened; and it shall be
the night before he is born. And behold there shalla
new star arise, such an one as ye never have beheld;
and this also shall be a sign unto you. And behold
this is not all, there shall be many signs.and wonders
in heaven. And it shall cometo pass that ye shall ail
be amazed, and wonder, insomuch thatrye shall fall to
the earth. And it shall come to pass that whosoever
shall believe on the Son of God, the same shall have
everlasting life. And behold, thus hath the Lord
commanded me, by his angel, that I should come atd
tell this thing unto you; yea, he hath commanded
that I should prophesy these things unto you; yea, he
hath said unto me, cry unto this people, repent and
prepare the way of the Lord. And now because I am
a Lamanite, and have spoken unto you the words
which the Lord hath commanded me, and because !t
wae hard against you, ye are angry with me, and d0
seek: to destroy me, and have cast me out from among

ou. And ye shall hear my words, for, for this intent

have come up upon the walls of this city, thaty?
might hear andknow of. the judgments of od which
do await you because of your iniquities, and also that
ye-might know the conditions of repentance; and als?
that ye might know of the coming.of Jesus Christ,
the Son.of God, the Father of heaven. and of earth,
the. Creator. of all things, from the, beginning: and
that ye might know of the signs of his coming, to the

intent that ye might believe, on,his name, And.if'y
