height thereof is great. And many highways shall be
broken up, and many cities shall become desolate, and
many graves shall be opened,.and shall yield up many
of.their dead; and many saints.shall appear.unto ma
ny. And behold thus hath the angel spoken unto me;
for he said unto me, that there should be thunderings
and lightnings for the space of many hours; and he
said urito me that while the thunder and the lightning
lasted, and the tempest, that these things should be,
and that darkness should cover the face of the whole
earth, for the space of three days. And the angel said
unto me that many shall see greater things than these,
to the intent that they might believe that these signs
and these wonders should come to pass, upon all the
face of this land; to the intent that there should be no
eause for unbelief among the children of men; and this
to the intent that whosoever will believe, might be sa-
ved, and that whosoever will not believe, a righteous
judgment might come upon them; and also if they are
condemned, .they bring upon themselves their own
condemnation. And now remember, remember, my
brethren, that whosoever perisheth, perisheth unto
himselt; and whosoever doeth iniquity, doeth it unto
himself; for behold ye are free; ye are permitted to .
act. for yourselves; for behold, God hath given unto
you a knowledge, and he hath made you free; he hath
given unto you that ye might know good from evil,
and he hath given unto you that ye might choose lift
or death, and ye can.do goodand be restored unto that 
which’ is good, or have that which is good restored un- 
to you; or. ye can do evil, and have that which is evil .
restored unto you. And now my beleved brethren, .
behold, I declare unto you that except ye shall repent,
your houses shall be left unto you desolate; yea, x-
cept ye repent, your women shall have great cause to
mourn in the day that they shall give suck; for ye
shall attempt to flee, and. there shall be no place for
refuge; yea,and wo unto them which are with child,
for they shall be heavy, and cannot flee; therefore
they shall be trodden down, and shall be left to perish;
ea, wo unto this people who are called the people of
ephi, except they shall repent when they shall seeall
thesesigns and wonders which shall be showed unto
them; for behold, they have been a chosen peapls of
the Lord;. yea, the people of Nephi hath he loved, and
also hath he chastened them;. yea, inthe days of theit
iniquities:hath he chastened them, because he loveth
d
