them. But behold.my bret hren;the Lamanites hath
he-hated, because their dee'ds- have. been evil ontinu-
ally;: and.this:because of the iniquity of the tradition
of their fathers.: But behold, salvation hath come un-
to them, through the: preaching of the Nephites; and
for this intent.’hath: the Lord, prolonged. their'days..
And. would:that, ye should, behold that the more part
of them are in the path of their duty, and they.do walk
circumspectly:before God, and they do observe to-keep
his. commandments,..and his. statutes, and his-judg-
ments, according to thelaw of Moses. Yea, I say un-
to-you,:that.the more: part of them, are doing: this, and
they are striving, with unwearied diligence, that the
may bring the remainder of their brethren tothe know!-
edge of. the truth; therefore there..are many.. whe, do
add:to their numbers daily.: And behold ye do. know
of yourselves, for ye.have witnessed it; that-as.many
ofthem as are brought to. the knowledge of the truth,
and.to know of the wicked and abominable traditions
of their-fathers, and are led to. believe the holy scrip-
tures, yea,.the prophecies ofthe holy prophets, which
are written, which leadeth:them,to. faith-on the Lord,
andante repentance, which-faith and repentance bring-
etha. change.of. heart unte them; therefore as. many
as aye come to this, ye.know.of yourselves, are firm
and steadfast.in. the faith; and.in.the thing wherewith
they. have. been made free....And ye know also: that
they have butied their weapons; of. war, and they fear
totake them up, lest, by any means, they should sin;
yea, ye.can’see. that-they- fear.to.sin;  for-behold,,.they
will suffer themselves, that they.be trodden, down and
alain by their: enemies, and. will-not lift-their.. swords
against them;-and this.because'of theirfaith.in Christ,-
And now because of their: steadfastness. when. they’do_
believe.in that thing which, they. do.believe;, for. be-
cause of their firmness: when. they are once enlighten-
ed; behold. the.Lord shall bless-them, and. prolong their
days, notwithstanding their iniquity;; yea, even if they.
should-alwindle in. unbelief, th ~Lord, shall. prolong
their.days until.the.time. shall come which hath been
spoken of:by:our fathers, and also-by the. prophet, Ze-
hosjand many-other. prophets; concerning the restora~
Lon. of}our,,brethren, . the. Lamanites..again,..-to..the
knowledge. of: the truth;,-yea, [-say,unto -you, that in
the latter’ times, the.-promises of: the Lord-bath been
extended:to.our brethren, theJamanites; and.notwith-
