standing the many afflictions which they shall have,
and notwithstanding they shall be driven to and fro.
upon the face of the earth, and be hunted, and shall
be smitten and scattered abroad, having no’ placefor
refuge, the Lord-shall be merciful unto them; and this
is according to the prophecy, that they shall be brought
to the true knowledge,. which is the knowledge of
their Redeemer, and their great-and: true Shepherd,
and be numbered among his sheep. Therefore [say
unto you, it shall’ be better for'them than for you, ex-
cept ye repent. For behold, had the mighty works
been shewn unto them which have been shewn unto
ou; yea, unto. them who-have-dwindled in’ unbelief
pecause-of the traditions of their fathers, ye can see of
yourselves, that they never would again have dwindled
in unbelief; therefore, saith the Lord, I will not utter.
ly destroy them, but I’ will cause that in the day of
my wisdom, they shall return again unto me, saith
the Lord. And now behold, saith the Lord, oncern-
ing the people ofthe Nephites, if they will not repent,
and observe’ to'do my will, [ will utterly destroy them
saith the Lord; because of their unbelief, notwithstan-
ding the many mighty works’ which. have done
among them} and as-surely as the Lord liveth, shall
these things be, saith:the Lord: ples
And now it came to pass that there were many who
heard the words of Samuel, the Lamanite, which he
spake upon the walls of the city. And as.many asbe-
lieved on his word, went forth and sought for Nephi;
and when they had comeforth and found him, they
confessed: untohim theirisins and denied not; desiring
that they might be baptized unto the Lord. But as
many as there were’ who did not believe in the words
of Samuel, were angry with him; and they cast stones
at him upon-thewall,'and also many shet arrows at
him, as he stood upon the wall; but the spirit of the
Lord was with him, insomuch that they could not hit
him with’ their stones; neither with’ their arrows..
Now when they saw. this, that they could not hit him,
there were many’ more who didbelieve on’ his words,
insomuch’ that they went away unto Nephi to be bap-
tized. For'behold; Nephi was’ baptizing, and prophe-
eying; and preaching, crying repentance unto the peo
ple; shewing signy’ and wonders; working’ miracles
among the peopl , that-they might -know. that the
Christ must: shortly come; telling’ them ol things
which must shortly come,’ that they might know and
