ended: the fifteenth -year,:and thus:were.the:people in
a state of many: afflictions; andithe sword of destruc.
tion did hahg over them, insomuch that they were
about'to, besmitten down by it,.and this: because of
their iniquity.

CHAPTER I.

Anp now iteame to pass thatin the:sixteenth year
from the coming: of Christ, Lachonens,’ the: governor
of the land, received an-epistle:from tlie leader and the

governor of .this-band.of  robbers; andthese were the
words which were written, saying; lachoneus, most
noble and chief governor of the land,-behold  .write

_ this:epistle unto you,-anddo give unto you exceed-
ing great praise fecaua’ of your firmness,: and also

 the: firmness of your people, in maintaining:that
which ye. suppose to. be your right..and liberty:
yea, ye do stand well, as if ye were. supported
bythe hand of a, God, in the: detence’ of your liber-
ty, and your <property, and your country, or that
which ye do-call so. And it seemeth a pity unto ne,
most noble: Lachoneus, that ye should be so foolish

_ sand vain as to suppose that ye can stand against s0
Many brave men,whovare at my. command, who-do
now at this time stand in their arms, and do await,
with greatanxiety; for the wordy g0 down-upon the
Nephites anddestroy them. And  knowing of their
uneonquerable spirit, having’ proved them in the field

, -of battle, and knowing. of their everlasting hatred
towards you, because ot the many wrongs whieh y
ave-done”unto. them, therefore if they: should come
wn against you, they: would: visit.you with utter
destruction; therefore I huve wrote this epistle, sealing
{with mine own hand, feeling for your welfare, because
f your firniness-in that whichye believe to be right,
nd your noble spirit in the field of battle; therefore!
- Swrite unto you desiring that ye would: yield up unto
. thisimy people, your'cities,: your lands, and your pos
_ -pessions, rather than: that they-should visit you with
the gr that destruction should come upon yous
ds, yield: yourselves up unto us, and
d become aquainted : with our secret

come our brethren, that ye may be like

  

     

 
   
   
  
    

 

  
 
 
 
  

 
