urito us; not Our slaves, but our brethren, and partners
of all jursubstance, And behold, I swear unto you,
if ye will do'this, with an oath, ye shall not be de-

 

 

stroyed; buat if’ye will not do this, E swear unto you, ~

with an oath, that on tle morrow month, I will com-

_ mand that my armies shall come down against you,
and they shall not stay their hand, and shall spare not,
but shall slay you, and shall let fall the sword upen

ou, even until ye shall become extinct. And behold,
Lam Giddiantl: and I am the governor of this the se-
cret society of Gadianton; which society, and the’
works thereof, I know to be good; and they are of an-
cient date, and they have been handed down unto us.
And I write this epistle unto you, Lachoneus, and {
hope that ye will deliver up your lands, and your pos-
sessions, without the shedding of blood, that this my
people may recover their rights and government who
have dissented away from you, because of your wick-
edness in retaining from them their fights of govern=
ment; and except ye do’ this, 1: will avenge their
wrongs. I am Giddianhi. ;
And now it came to pass when Lachoneus received
this epistle, he was exceedingly astonished, because 
of the boldness of Giddianhi, demanding the possession
ofthe land of the Nephites; and also of threatening the
people and avenging the wrongs of those that had’ re-
ceived no wrong, saveit were they had wronged them-
selves, by dissenting away unto those wicked and-abo-
minable robbers. Now behold, this Lachoneus, the
governor, was'a just man, and could not be frightened
by the demands and the threatenings of arobber; there-
fore he did not hearken to the’ epistle of Giddianhi,
the governor of the robbers, buthe did enuse that his
people should ery unto: the Lord for'strength-against .
the time that the robbers should come down against
thems yea, he's2ut'a proclamation among all the peo-
ple; that they’should gather together. their women.
and their children; their flocks and. their herds; and’ail
theif substance; save it were theirland, unto one'place.
And he caused that fortifications should be built round.
about then, anid the strength thereof should beexceed- 
ing great,’ And he caused that there should be armies,
both of the Nepiitesand'of the Lamanitesy or of al! ©
thet who were nunibered’ among the Nephites;'shouki
be pldeed'as Fea ae sbeat to’ watch them,.and
to'guard-them fron ithe? robbers; day and night;) yea,
Re shidunto'them)as the Liord liveth, -exeept ye repent
