BOOK, OF, NEPHI. 485

the land southward, because of the. great.curse which
yas upon the land northward; and they did tortify
themselves against their enemies; and they did dwell
in one lund,.and in one body, and they did fear the
words-which had been spoken by Lachoneus, insomuch
that they did repent of all their sins; and they.did put
up their prayers unto the Lord their God, that he
would deliever them in the time that their enemies
should come down against then to battle, And they
were exceeding sorrowful because of their enemy.
And Gidgiddoni did cause that they should make
weapons of war, of every kind, that they should be
strong with armor, and with shields, and with buck-
lers, after the manner of his instruction.

And it came to pass that in the latter end of the -
eighteenth year, those armies of robbers, had prepared
for battle, and began to come down, and to sally forth
from the hills, and out of the mountains, and the wil-
derness, and their strong holds, and their secret pla-
ces, and began to take possession of the lands, both
which was in the land south, and which was inthe
land north, and began to take possession of all the
lands which had been deserted by the Nephites, and
the cities which had been left desolate. But behold
there were no wild beasts nor game. in those lands
which had been deserted by the Nephites, and there
Wag no game for the robbers save it were in the wilder-
ness. And the robbers could not exist save it were in
the wilderness, for the want-of food: for the Nephites
had left their lands desolate, and had gathered their

ocks, and their herds and all their substance, and
they were in.one body; therefore there was no chance
for the robbers to plunder and to-obtain food, save it
were to. come.up in open. battle against the Nephites;
and the Nephites being in one body, and having. so
great a number, and having reserved for themselves
revisions, and horses, and cattle, and flocks of every
ind, that they might subsist for the space of seven
years, in the which time they did hope to destroy the
robbers from off the face of the land. And thus the
eighteenth year did pass away. Seo

,And it came to pags that in the nineteenth year,
Gidddianhi.found that it was expedient that he. should
80 up to battle against the Nephites, for there was. no
bie that they could eubsist, save it were to plunder,
S0 rob, and murder. And, they durst. not. spread
themselves upon the face. of the land, insomuch that.

 
