taken.and slain... And thus. was the.endiof Giddianhi,
the robber... e; by am oe par Pt ie
And. it, eame to, pass that the armies of the Nephites
did.return .again to their..place of security. . And) it
came to pass that this nineteenth, year did pass.awayy
and the robbers did not come again to battle;..neither
did.they come again in.the twentieth year; and in the
twenty and first year they did not come. up. to battle,
but they. came.up on all sides, to lay: siege: round about
the people of Nephi; for they did suppose that if they
should cut off the people of Nephi from their lands, and
should hem them in.on every side, and if they should
cut them off from all their outward privileges, that
they. could cause them to yield themselves up accord-
ing.to. their wishes. Now they had appointed .unto.
themselves another leader, whose name was Zemnari-
hah; therefore it was Zemnarihah that did cause that
this, siege should take place. But behold this was an
advantage to the Nephites; for it was impossible for
the robbers to lay siege sufficiently long to have any
effect. upon the: Nephites, because of their much pro-
vision which they had laid up in store, because of the
scantiness of provisions among the robbers; for behold
they had nothing save it were meat. for their subsist-
ence, which meat they did obtain in the wilderness..
And it came to pass that the wild game became scarce.
in. the .wilderness, insomuch that the robbers were
about.to perish with hunger. And the Nephites were
continually marching out by day and by night, and,
falling upon their armies, and.cutting them off by thou-
sands and by tens of thousands. And thus it became
the desire of the people of Zemnarihah, to withdraw:
from their, design, because of the great destruction
Which come upon them by night and by day.
And it came to pass that Zemnarihah did give com-:
mand. unto his people, that. they.should withdraw:
themselves from the siege, and march into the further~
Most parts of .the land, northward. And now, Gid-
Siddoni, being aware of their design; and knowing. of
their weakness. because of the want of food, and the
great slaughter which had been made among them,
therefore he. did send out his armies in. the night time,:
and did cut off the way of their retreat, and did place
i armies in the way of: their retreat; and.this: did
they do in the night-time, and. got on:their march be:
yond the robbers, so that on the morrow, when. the
Tobbers:-began their march, they were met by the ar-

  

 
  
