tieth year the church was broken. upin, all the Jand,
save it were.among a few.of the Lamanites, who were
converted unto the true faith; and they would not de.
part from it, for they were firm, and steadfast, and im.
movable, willing with all dilligence to keep the com.
mandinents of the Lord. Now the cause of this ini-
quity of the people, was this, satan had great power,
unto the stirring up of the people to do all manner of
iniquity, and tothe puffing them up with pride, tempt.
ing them .to seek for power, and authority, and riches,
and the vain things of the world. And thussatan did
lead away the hearts of the people, to do all manner of
iniquity; therefore they had not enjoyed peace buta
few years. And thus in the commencement of the
thirtieth year, the people having been delivered up for
thespace of along time, to be carried about by the
temptations of the devil whithersoever he desired to
carry them, and to do whatsoever iniquity he desired
they should; and thus in the commencement of this,
the thirtieth year, they were in a state of awful wick-
edness. Now they did not sin ignorantly, for they
knew the will of God concerning them, for it had been
taught unto them; therefore they did wilfully rebel
against God. And now it was in the days of Lacho
neus, the son of Lachoneus, for Lachoneus did fill the
seat of his father and did govern the people that year.
And there began to be men inspired from heaven, and
sent furth, standing among the people in all the land,
preaching and testifying boldly of the sins and iniqu'
ties of the people, and testifying unto them concern
ing the redemption which the Lord would make for
his people; or in other words, the resurrection of
Christ; and they did testify boldly of his death and
sufferings. Now there were many of the people who
were exceeding angry, because of those who testified
of these things; and those who were angry, were chief
ly thechief judges, and they who had been high priests
and lawyers; yea, all those who were lawyers, were
angry with those who testified of these things. Now
there was no lawyer, nor judge, nor high priest, that
could have power to condemn any. one to death, save
their condemnation was signed by the governor of the
land. Now there were many of those who testified of
the things. pertaining to Christ, who testified boldly,
who were taken and put to death secretly by the judg:
es, that the knowledge of their death came not unte
the governor of the land, until after their death. Now
