behold this: was contrary to the laws.of. the land, that
any man should be put to death, except they had pow-
er from the governor of the land; therefore a coreplaint
came up unto the land of Zarahemla, to the governor
of the land, against these judges who had condemned
the prophets of the Lord unto death, not according to
the law.
Now it came to pass that they were taken and brought
up before the judge, to be judged of the crime which
they had done, according to the law which had been
given by the people. Now it,eame to pass that those
judges had many friends and kimdreds: and the remain-
der, yea, even almost all the lawyers and the high
priests, did gather themselves together, and unite with
the kindreds of those judges who were to be tried ac-
cording to the law; and they did enter intoa covenant
one with another, yea, even into that covenant whieh
was given by them of old, which covenant was given
and administered by the devil, to combine against all
righteousness; therefore they did combine against the
people of the Lord, and enter into a covenant to des-
troy them, and to deliver those who were guilty of
murder from the grasp of justice, which was about to
be administered according to the law. And they did
set at defiance the law and the rights of their country;
and they did covenant, one with another, to destro
the governor, and to establish a king over the land,
that the land should no more be at liberty, but should
be subject unto kings. Now behold,  will shew unto
i that they did not establish a king over the land;
ut in this same year, yea, the thirtieth year, they did
destroy upon the judgment seat, yea, did murder the
chief judge of the land. And the people were divided
one against another; and they did separate one from
another, into tribes, every man according to his fami.
ly, and his kindred and friends; and thus they did des-
troy the government of the land. And every tribe did
appoint-a chief, or a leader over them; and thus the
became tribes, and leaders of tribes. Now behold,
there was no man among them, save he had much
family and many kindredsand friends; therefore their
tribes becameiexceeding great.. Now all this was done
and there were no wars ag yet among them; and all
this iniquity had:come upon the people, because they
did yield themselves unto the power of satan; and the
ations of the government were destroyed, because
the secret combination of the friends and kindreds of
