thes prophets,: and did cast theny ont: from among

es And il came to pass that Nephi, having been’ visited
by angels; and.also by the voice of the Lord,. therefore
having:seen angels, and being eyewitness, and having
had'power given unto him that. he might know. con-
cerning the ministry of Christ,/and also bemg eye wit-
ness to-theit quick return. from -righteousness. unte
their wickedness and abominations;. therefore, being
grieved for the hardness of their hearts, and the blind-
ness of their minds, went forth among them in that

same year, and began to testify boldly, repentance and
remission of sins through tat

 

th on the Lord Jesus
Christ. And he did minister many things unto them;
and all of them cannot be written, and a part of them
would not suffice; therefore they are not written in
this book. And Nephi did minister with power and
with great authority.

vAnd it came to pass that they wereangry with him,
even becanse he had greater power than: they, for it
were notpossible that they could disbelieve his. words,
for'so great was his faith on the Lord. Jesus Christ,
that angels.did: minister unto him daily; and im the
name.of Jesas- did: be cast out devils and unclean spir-
its; and even. his brother did he raise from the dead,
after he had been stoned and suffered death: by.the
people; andthe people saw it, and did witness of it,
and Were angry with him, because of his power; and
he did also. do. many more miracles, in the sight of the
people, in: the name of Jesus. 
_’ And iteame to pass that the thirty and first’year did
pass:away, and there were but few who were convert-
ed unto the Lord; but as many as were converted, did
truly signify: unto the people that they: had been visit-
ed by the. power and spirit of Ged, which was in Jesus
Christ, .in whom they believed.. And-as many.ag had
devils cast out from’ them, and were healed of their
sicknesses'and.their infirmities, did-truly manifest un-
tothe people that they had been wrought upon. by the
spirit of God, and had been healed; and they did shew
Sth signa also, and did do some miracles among the
People, ¥ pe eae
Thus passed away the thirty and second year alsa,
And Nephi did. cry. unto the people in the commenee-
ment.ofithe thirty and third year; and he did pr
Unto them: repentance and remission of sins.
would -have:you to remember also, that there we

  
