was great mourning, and: howling, and weeping-among.
all the people continually;.:yea, t were the groan.
ings of the people, because of the darkness and the,
great destruction which had come upon. them. And
in.one place they were heard, to ery, saying, O that
we-had repented before this great and terrible day, and
then would’our. brethren. have been spared, and they.
would not have been. burned in that great city Zara.

_. hemla, ...And: in. another place they were heard to cry

and mourn, saying, O that we had repented before this
great and terrible day,and had not killed and stoned
the. prophets, and castithem out; then, would. our.
mothers, and.our fair daughters, and. our children have
been spared, and not have been buried wp in that. great
city Moronibah;:and thus were the howlings off the
people great, and: terrible. . :

And. it came to passthat there was a voice heard
among all: the inhabitants of the earth. upon. all- the
face of this land, crying, wo, wo, wo unto this people;
wo unto the inhabitantsof the whole earth, except
they: shall repent, for the devil laugheth,. and. his an-

als rejoice, because.of the slain.of the: fair sons and
ughters'of.my people;.and.it is because of their ini-
quity and. abominations. that. they are fallen. Behold,
that great city Zarahemla have I burned with. fire, and
the inhabitants thereof... And behold, that great city
Moroni have I caused.to be sunk in the depths of the
sea, and the inhabitants thereof to be drowned. And
behold, that great:city Moronihah have I covered with
earth, andthe inhabitants. thereof, to .hide. their ini-
quities and,-their-abominations from. before my face,
that the blood of the-prophets. and the saints shall not
come any more unto.me against them. And behold,
the:city of Gilgal.shaye’I- caused to be sunk, and.the
inhabitants'thereof.to be buried up in the depths of the
earth: yed;-and the city-Onihah, and the inhabitants
thereof, and the city of Mocum, and the inhabitants
thereof, and the city of Jerusalem, and the inhabitants
. thereof, and waters have I caused to come-up in the
stead thereof, to hide. theirswickedness and abomina-
tions from before my face, that the blood of .the pro-
phets and the saints shall, not.come up-any more unto
ainst them... And: behold,'the city of Gadiandi,
e.city of Gadiomnah;. and the city of tucob, and
ety of Gimgimno, all these have FE. caused tobe
sunk, and:made-hills:and: valleys:in the places thereof;
and the inhabitants thereof. have I buried up in the

   
