ons from before my face, that: the blood of the
rophets and the saints should not come up any more
unto me against them. And behold, that great city
Jacoliugath, which was inhabited by the people of the _
king of Jacob, have I caused tobe burned with firey
because of their sins and their wickedness, which was
above all the wickedness of the whole earth, because
of their secret murders and combinations; for it was
they that did destroy the peace of my people and the
vernment of the land: therefore I did cause them to
eturned, to destroy them from before my face, that
the’blood of the prophets and the’ saints should not
come up unto me any mote against them. And be-
hold, the’city of Laman, and the city of Josh, and the’
city of Gad, and the city of Kishkumen, have I caused
to'be'burned with fire, and the inhabitants thereof, be-
cause of their wickedness in casting out the prophets,
and atoning those whom I: did send'to: declare unte
them concerning their wickedness and their abomina-
tions;and because’ they did cast them allout, that
there were none righteous among them, I did send
down fire and destroy them, that their'wickedness and
abominations might be hid from’ before my face, that
the blood of the prophets and the saints whonr I sent
among them, might not cry unto me from’the ground
against them; and many great destructions haved
caused to come upon this land, and upon this people,
because of their wickedness and their abominations. -
~Ovall-ye that are spared, because ye were more
righteous than they, will ye’ not now return unto me;
aiid repent of’ your sins, and be converted, that I may
heal you?’  Yea, verily Isay unto at if ye will’come
Utito”'me;! yeshall have eternal life.” Behold; ming
arin’of merey fs extended towards you, and whosoever

depp of Ae est, to hide thett wickedness and abo-
pro

   
 
 

Will come, hay’ will I receive; and blessed are those
who come unto’'me. Behold Iam’ Jesus Christ, the
8o1 . Lereated the heavens and the earth, and

all things that in’ them’ are.  Iwas’ with the Pather
from the beginning: I. am in the Father, andthe Fa:
ther'iw'me;andin me hath the Father glorified his
Hethe.E came unto my own; and my own received
tie not! And’ the seriptures, concerning my-coniing;
ate fulfilled, And' ds many’ae have esi e; to
thet have'I-given to become’ the Sons of God; and .
eveli so'Will'l t6/antaariyas-shull’believe-on my name,
for hehold, lyme redemption cometh, and in me is
