wee

late-until the.time of the falfilling of the covenantite
your: fathers:  :
And jnow it.came to pass-that after,the people had
heard these. words, behold..they.began. to weep. and
howl.again,: because.of..the loss of their. kindred: and
friends... And-it came, to. pass. that thus.did the. three
days pass away. And it-svas in the. morning, andthe
darkness dispersed from.off the face of. ihe dnoas and
the earth did:cease to tremble, and the rocks.did cease
to rend, and the dreadful groanings. did cease, and. all
the tumultuous noises did pass away, and the earth did 
cleave together again, that it stood, and the mourning,
and the weeping, and thewailing of the people who
were spared alive, did cease; and their mourning was
turned into joy, and their:lamentations into the praise
and thanksgiving unto the Lord Jesus Christ, their
Redeemer.’ al thus far were the scriptures: fulfilled,
which had been spoken. by the prophets... And it was
the more.righteous part of the people. who were saved,
and it was they who received the prophets, and stoned
them not; and it was they who had not shed the blood
of the saints, who were.spared; and they were spared,
and.were not sunk and buried. up in the, earth;, and
they were not. drowned in the depths of the sea; and
they were not. burned by fire, neither were they fallen
upon and.crushed to death; and they .were not carried
away in the whirl-wind; neither were they overpower-
ed by the. vapor of smoke and of darkness... And now
whoso readeth, let him understand; he that hath the
scriptures, let. him search them, and see and behold if
all: these deaths and destructions by fire, and by smoke,
and by tempests, and by whirlwinds, and by the open-
ing of the.earth to receive them, and all these things,
are not unto the fulfilling. of the prophecies of many
of the holy.prophets. Behold I say unto you. yea,
many have testified of these..things at the coming of
Christ,.and were slain because they testified of these
things;. yea, the prophet Zenos did testify of these
thinys, and also Zenock spake concerning these things,
because they testified. particular eoncernig us, who are
the remnant of their seed. . Behold. our father Jacob
Blao testified concerning-a. remnant of the seed of Jo-
feph.. And. hehold,. ace not we.a, remnant of the seed
of Josepht. .And these things which. testify of us, are
they not written upon the plates of brass. which our
father: Lehibrought: out-of Jerasalem?, And it came
b0-pasa that in theending of the thirty and fourth yeay,
