_ gndigmot baptized, shall. be: damned... Verily, verily
Isay unto you, that this is my-doctrine; and: I bear
record of .it from the Father; and whoso believeth in
me, believeth in the Father also; and unto him will
the Father bear record of me; for he will visit him
with fire, and with the Holy Ghost; and thus will the
Father bear record of me; and the Holy Ghost will
’ bear record unto him of the Father and me; for the
Father, and: I, and the Holy Ghost, are one. And
again. 1 say unto you, ye must repent, and become as
alittle child, and be haptized in my name, or ye can
in novise receive these things. And again I say unto
ou, ye must.repent, and be baptized in my name, and
me asa little child, or ye can in nowise inherit
the kingdom of God. Verily, verily I say unto you,
that this is my doctrine; and.whoso buildeth, upon
this, buildeth upon my rock; and. the gates of hell
shall not. prevail against them.. And whoso. shail
declare more.-or less than this,. and establish: it. for
my. doctrine, the-same cometh of evil, and. is not
built upon my rock, but he. buildeth upon a sandy
foundation, and the gates of hell-standeth open. to
receive. such, when = floods come,.and the winds
beat.upon them. Therefore go. forth unto. this
pley.and declare the words. which, I have: spoken,
unto the ends of. the earth... And it. came to pass that
when Jestis:-had spoken these words unto Nephi, and
to those. who had-been called, (now the number of
them who had been called, and received power andau-
thority to baptize, were twelve, ) and behgld he stretch-
ed: forth his.hand. unto the multitude, and eried-unte
them saying, blessed are ye, if ye shall give heed. unto
the.words-of these twelve whom I have chosen from
among you. to minister, unte you, and to be. your. ser-
vants; and unto them I have given power, that they
may. baptize you with water, and after. that ye. are
baptized. with water, behold I will .baptize you. with:
fire-and with the Holy Ghost; therefore blessed are ye,
if ye shall believe in me, and be baptized, after that ye
have seen. me, and know that J am, ..And again, more
blessed. are: they who. shall. believe.in.your words, be-
Cause that ye shall. testify that ye have seen me, and
that ye know.that I am. . Yea, blessed are they. who
shall. believe. in: your. words, and. come-down into the
depths of humility, and be baptized; for they shall be
Misited with fire and. with the Holy Ghogpt, and shall
