receive a remission of theirsins. Yea; blessed are the
poor in spirit: who'come unto me, for theirs is the
kingdom of heavenv And again;: blessed are all they
that'mourn,’ for they shall: be comforted; ' and biessed
are the meek, for they shall inherit, the: earth. And
blessed are all they who do: hunger: and: thirst after
righteousness, for they-shall be filled with the Holy
Ghost. And blessed are are the merciful, for they
shall obtain mercy. And blessed are all the pure in
heart, for they shall gee God. And blessed areall the
peace-makers, for they shall be called the children of
God. And blessed are all they -whovare persecuted,
for my names-sake, for theirs:is the kingdom of Hea-
yen. And blessed are ye when men shall revile you,
and persecute, and:shall say all manner of evil against
you falsely, for my sake, for ye shall have great joy
and be exceeding glad, for great: shall be your reward
in heaven; for so persecuted they the: prophets who
were before'you. Verily, verily Ll say unto you, I give
untoyou to be the salt of the earth; but if the salt
shalllose' its savor, wherewith shall the earth be salted?
The salt shall 'bethenceforth good for nothing, but to
be'cast out, andto be trodden under foot of men.
Verily, verily 1 say unto you, I give unto youtto be the
lightof this people. A city that is set on a hill cannot
be hid. Behold, do men light a candle and put it under
-abushel?  Nay, butona candle-stick, and it giveth light
to'all that are in the house; therefore let your light so
ghine'before this people, that they may see your good
works and glorify your Father who: is in heaven.
Think not that I'am come to destroy the law or the
prophets, I am not come to destroy but to fulfil; for
verily I say unto you, one jot: nor one tiltle hath:not
passed away from the law, but in me it hath al! been
And behold’ T have given you the law and the com-
jnandments of my Father, that ye shall believe in me,
and that ye shall repent of your sins, and come unto
me With a broken heart anda contrite spirit. Behold,
ye have the commandments before-you, and the law
is fulfilled; therefore come untome and be ye saved;
for verily I say unto you, that except ye shall keep
my commandments, which I have commanded you at
this time) ye’shall in no case enter into the kingdom
of hea e have heard that it hath been said by
them of’ old’'time; und it is aleo.written: before you
4hat thou shalt not killj and whosoever shall kill

  
