shall bein danger of the judgment of Gods: But I say
vate you, that whosoever is angry with his brother;
shall bein: danger of his judgment. And whosoever
shall say. to his: brother, ie shall be in danger of
the council; and whosoever.shall say thow fool, shall
be in danger of hell-fire; therefore, if ye shail.come
unto-me, or shall desire to come unto me; and remem-
berest that thy brother: hath ought against. thee, go
thy way unto thy brother, and first be reconciled: to
thy brother, and then come unto me with full. purpose’
of heart, and Iwill receive you. Agree with thine
adversary quickly, while thou artin the way withhim,
lest'at any time he shall get thee, and thou shalt be
east into prison. Verily, verily I say unto thee, thou
shalt by no means.come out thence, until. thou hast
paid the uttermost senine. And while ye are in prison;
can ye pay evenone:senine? Verily, verily I say unto
you, nay. Behold, it is written by them of old time;
that thou shalt not commit adultery; but I say unto
ou; that. whosoever looketh on a woman, to lust after
er, hath committed adultery. already in: his heart.
Behold, I. give unto you a commandment, that ye suf
fernone of thege things to enter into your heart; for it
is better that ye should deny yourselves of these things,
wherein ye will take up-your cross, than that ye should
be-cast into hell. It hath been written, that whoso-
ever shall put away. his. wife; let him give hera writing
of divorcement. Verily, verily I. say unto you; that
whosoever shall put away his. wife, : saving forthe
cause of fornication, causeth her to commit adultery;
and whogo shall marry her who is divorced, committeth
adultery: And again it is written, thou shalt not for-
swear thyself;, but shalt perform:unto the Lord:thine
oaths. But verily, verily I say unto you, swear,not
at.all; neither by heaven, for its God's throne; nor by
the earth, for it is his. footstool; neither shalt thou
swear by the head, because thou canst.not make one
hair black or white; but: ler your!communication be
yea, yea; nay, nay, for whatsoever cometh of more
than these’are evil. . And behold, it is written, an eye
foran-eye,and.a tooth for a-tooth: But’ I say unto
you,:that ye shall-not resist evil, but whosoever shall
smite thee on thy right cheek, torn. to him the other
aso, And if any man will sue thee at the law, and
take away. thy coat, let him have thy cloak also,  And
Whosoever shail compel thee to.go a mile, go with him
tains. Give to him that it thee,.and to him that

 
