would borrow of: thee,:turn. thou: notiaway. >And be-
hold, it is written algo, that thou shalt love thy neigh-
bor, and hate thine enemy: but behold J say unto you,
love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good
to them that hate. you, and pray-for them who.despite-
fully use you and persecute: you; that ye may be the
children of your Father who.is:in-heaven; for he mak-
eth his sun to rise on the evil and:on the good; there-
fore those things which were of old time, which were
under the law-in.me, are all fulfilled, Old things are
done away, and all things have become new; therefore
I would that ye shouldbe perfect even as I, or your
Father who is in heaven is perfect... Verily, verily, 1
say that I would that ye should do alms unto the poor;
but take heed that ye do not youralms before men, to
beseen of them; otherwise ye have no reward of your
Father who is heaven. Therefore, when. ye shall.do
your alms, do not sound a trumpet before you, as will
ypocrites do in the synagogues, and in the streets, that
they may have glory of men. Verily, I say unto you,
they have their reward. But. when thou doest alms,
let not thy left hand know what thy right hand doeth;
that thine alms may be in secret; and thy Father who
seeth in secret, himself shall reward thee openly.
And when thou prayest, thou shalt not do as the
hypocrites, for they love to pray standing’ in the syna-
gogues, and in-the'corners of the streets; that they may
seen of men. , Verily, I say unto you, they have
their reward... But: thou, when thou prayest, enter in-
to thy closet, and when thou hast:shut thy door, pray
to thy Father. who isin secret; and thy Father, who
seeth.in secret, shall reward: thee openly. But when
ye pray, use not vainrepetitions, as the heathen, for
they think that they shall be heard for their much
speaking... Be not ye therefore like unto: them, ior
your Father knoweth what things ye have need of be-
fore:ye ask him. After this:manner therefore pray y
our Father who.art in heaven, hallowed be thy name.
Thy. will be done on: earth as it is in heaven: And
forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtors,’ Aud
lead: ug. n6t into temptation,’ but deliver us from evil.
For.thine.is:the kingdom; andthe potwer, and:the.glo-
ry, for ever. Amen.’ For, if-ye forgive. men their
trespasses,.your heavenly Father willalso forgive yous
butif 2 forgive:not: men’ their trespasses; neither will
your Father forgive your trespasses,. Moreovery when

   
