for they edistignus their faces, that they may appear
unto men to fast. Verily, [ say unto: you, they have
their reward.. But thou, when thou fastest, anoint
thyhead, and wash thy face; that thou appear. not
untomen, to fast, but unto thy Father, who is in se-
eret}.and thy Father, who seeth in seeret, shall re-
ward.thee openly. . : ag ee

Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth,
where moth.and rust doth corrupt, and thieves. break
through and steal, but lay up for yourselves treasures
in heaven, where neither moth. nor rust doth corrupt,
and where thieves do not break through nor steal.
For. where your treasure is, there will your heart be
also, The light of the body is the eye, if therefore
thine.eye be single, thy whole body shall be fall of
light.’ But if thine eye be evil, thy whole body shall
be full of darkness. Jf therefore the light that is in
thee: be darkness, how great is that darkness! No
msn can serve two masters, for either he will hate the
one; and love the other;. or else he will hold to the one,
and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and
mammon.

_

CHAPTER VI.

Asp now it came to pass that when Jesus had spoken
these words, he looked upon the twelve whom he had.
chosen, and said unto. them, remember the words
which{ have spoken. For behold, ye are they whom I
have chosen to minister unto this people. Therefore:
sy unto you, take no thought for your life, what ye -
shall eat, or what ye shall drink; nor yet for your
body, what ye shall put on. Is not the life more than
meat,'and:the-body than rainment? Behold the fowls
ofthe air, for they sow not, neither do they reap, nor
gather into barns; yet your heavenly Father: feedeth
them. Are ye not much better than they? Which
of you by taking thought can add one eubit unto:
his stature?:.And why take ye thought for rainment?
Consider the lilies of the field: how they grow; they
toll not; neither do they spin; and yet I say unto you,
that:even Solomon, in: all his glory, was not atrayed
like:one’ of thes.. Wherefore, if God:s
taawof ithe: field, ewhich: to-day is, and to-

  
