eastiinto the oven, even so will he clothe you, if ye
are not of little faith. Therefore take no thought, say-
ing, What'shall we eat? or, what shall we drink? or,
wherewithal hall we be clothed?) For your heavenly
Father knoweth that ye have need of all these things.
But seek ye' first the kingdom of God, and his right-
eousness, and all these things shall be added unto you
Take therefore no thought for the morrow, for the
morrow shall take thought for the things’ of itself.
Sufficient is the day unto the evil thereof.
And now it came to pass that when Jesus had spok-
en these words, he turned again to the multitude, and
did open his: mouth unto. them again, saying, verily,
verily, I say unto you, judge not, that:ye be-not judg-
ed. For with what judgment’ ye judge, ye’shall be
judged; and with what measure ye mete, it shall be
measured to you again. And why beholdest thou the
mote thatis in’ thy brother's eye, but considerest not
the beam that is in thine own eye? Or how'wilt thou
say to’thy brother, let me pull the mote out of thine
eye; and behold, a beam is in thine’own’ eye? Thou
hypocrite, first cast the beam out of thine own eye:
and then shalt thou see clearly to cast the mote out of
thy brother’seye. Give not that which is holy unto the
dogs, neither cast ye your pearls before swine, lest
they trample them under their feet, and turn again and
rend you. pe nd 1
Ask, and it shall be given unto you; seek, and ye
shall find; knock,-and it shall:be opened unto you, for
every one that asketh, receiveth; and he that seeketh,’
findeth; and'to-bim that knocketh, it shall he opened.
Or what man is there of you, whom, if his son ask
bread; will he:give him a stone?’ Or if he ask a fish,
will he give him a serpent?’ If .ye then being evil
know how to give good gifts unto your children, how
much’ more: shail your Father who isin heaven give
good things to them 'that ask him? : Therefore all tlungs
whatsoever ye would’ that men should do to: you, do
yeeven soto them, for this is the law and .the prophets,
Enter yeinatthe'straight gate; for: wide is the gate;
and broad is the way, that leadetlr to:destruction, and
many there be whogo in thereat; because straight-is the
gate, aud narrow is’ the way, which leadeth’ unto life,
and few there be thatfind it: Beware of false prophets,
who: come to:you-in’sheep’s: clothingy: but inwardly
they ar@iravening: wolves.) Ye shall: know: them by
their fruits’ Do’ mengather-grapes of thorns; or figs:
