haye.which are not of. this -fold;them also I..must
bring, and they.shall hear my voice; and there shall be
one fold, and one shepherd. And they understood me
not, for they supposed it had been the Gentiles; for
they understood not that the Gentiles should be con- ~
verted through their preaching; and they understood’
me not that  said they shall hear my voice; and they
understood. me not that the.Gentiles should not at any
time hear my voice; that I should not manifest my-
selfunto them, save it were by the Holy Ghost. But
behold, ye have both heard my voice, and seen me;
and ye are my sheep; and ye are numbered among
those whom the Father hath given me. And verily,
verily, I say Gnto you, that I have other sheep, which
are not of this land; neither of the land of Jerusalem;
neither in any parts of that land round about, whither
Thave been to minister. For they of whom I speak,
are they. who have not as yet heard my voice; neither
have I at any time manifested myself unto them. ButT
have received a commandment of the Father,that ] shall
&® unto them, and that they shall hear my voice, and
all. be numbered wong my-sheep, that there may be
one fold,.and one shepherd; therefore I go to shew
myself-unto them. And 1 command you that ye shall
write these sayings, after I am gone, that’if it so-be
that my. people at Jerusalem, they who. have seen me,
and been. with me in my ministry, do not ask the
Father in my name, that they may receive a knowledge
of you by the Holy Ghost, and also of the other tribes
whom they know not of, that these sayings’ which ye:
shall write, shall be kept, and shall be manifested unto
the. Gentiles, that through the.fulness. of the Gentiles,
the remnant.of their seed who. shall be. scattered forth
uponithe face of the earth, because of their unbelief;
may be-brought in, or may be brought to a knowledge
of me, their Naiener. And then will 1 gather them
in from; the four quarters of the earth; and then will I
fulfil the covenant. which the Father hath made unto
all:the people of the house of Israel.. And blessed are
the Gentiles, because of their belief in. me, in and of
the Holy. Ghost, which witness unto them of me and
ofthe Father. . Behold, because of their belief in me,
aaith the Father, and because.of the unbelief of you,
Oshonse of Israel, in. the latter day shall the truth
eome unto the Gentiles, that the fulness of these
ne shall be.made known.unto them. .. But wo, saith
Yhe Father, unto,the unbelieving of the Gentiles, dor
