up the voice; with the. voice: together shall they sing,
for'they shall see eye. to eye, when the Lord shall
bring again,Zion, Break forth intojoy, sing together,
ye waste places:of Jerusalem, for the. Lord hath com-~
forted'his people, he hath redeemed Jesusalem. The
Lord hath made bare his holy arm in the eyes of all
the nations; and all the ends.of the earth shall see the
salvation of God.- 

.

CHAPTER VHI.

Brwoip, now. it came to pass that-when Jesus had:
spoken these words, he looked round about again on
the multitude, and he said unto them, behold, my time
is'at hand., ..J. perceive that ye are-weak, that ye can-
not understand all my. words. which lam commanded
ofthe Father.to speak unto. you at’ this time; there-
fore, go.ye-unto your. homes, and: ponder upon the
ibings which I have said, and ask of the Father, in my
name, that: ye may’ understand; and: prepare your
minds forthe. morrow, and I come unto you agains
But now Igo unto the Father, and also to shew my-
self unto.the lost tribes of Israel, for they are not lost
unto..the .Father, for he, knoweth whither vhe: hath

. taken. them. : 4

And it came-to pass that when. Jesus had thus spok-
en, he cast his.eyes round about egain.on the multi-
tude, and-beheld they were in tears, and did look
steadfastly upon him, as if they would ask him totarry ~
alittle longer with them. _And he said unto them,
behold, my bowels are filled with compassion towards
ou, have ye any.that are sick among you, bring them
lither. Fars ye any that are lame, or blind, or halt,
or maimed, or leprous,.or that-are withered, or that
we-deaf, or that. are. afflicted in.any manner, bring
them hither,.and,I will-heal them, for I-bave compas-
#10n-Bpon you; my bowels. are.filled with mercy; for
Lpereeive ihat'ye desire’ that. I should shew unto you
What. I haye.done. unto your. brethren at Jerusalem;
for] eee that-your faith is sufficient, that I should
heal.-you, Ce Te sever B-7G p Pet h 4 i. bra vara.
Andsit came to. pass that when-he had thus spoken,
dl:she-multitude,-with. one accord; 'did go’forth, with
