your little ones. And as they looked: to behold; they
cast their eyes towards heaven; and they. saw the
heavens open, and they saw angels descending out:of
heaven as it were, in the midst of fire; -and they came
down and encircled those little ones about; and they
were encircled about with fire; and the angels did
minister unto them, andthe multitude did see and hear;
and’ bear record; and they know that their record is
trae, for they all of therm did see and hear, every: mam
for himself; and they were in number about two thou-
saidand five hundred souls; and they did consiat of
men,women and children. :

And: it came to pass that Jesus commanded his dis-
ciples that-they should bring forth some bread and
wine unto him. And while they were gone for bread
and wine, he commanded the multitude that they
should sit themselves down upon the earth... And
when the disciples had come with bread and wine, he
took of the bread; and brake and. blessed it; and he
gave unto the disciples, and commanded that
should eat. And when they had eat, and were fill
he'commanded that they should give unto the multi-
tude. And when the multitude had eaten and were
filled; he said unto the disciples, behold, there shall
one be ordained ameng you,.and to him will. I give
power that he shall break bread, and bless it, and give
itunto:the people of my church, unto all those who
shall believe and be baptized in my name. And this
shat ye always observe to do, even as I have done,
even as I have broken bread, and blessed it, and gave
itunto you. And this shall ye do in remembrance of
my body, which l have skewn unto you, And _it shall
be a testimony unto the Father, that ye do always re-
member me. And if ye do always remember me, ye
shall have my spirit to be with you.

And itcame to pass that when he had said these
Words, he:commanded his diseiples that they should
take'of the wine of the cup, and drink of it, and that
they stiould also give unto the multitude, that they
might drink of it. And it came to pass that they did
80; and did drink of it, and were filled; and they gave
unto the multitude, and they did drink, and they were
filled. And when the disciples: had done’ this; Jesus
said unto'them, blessed-are ye for this thing which ye
have done, for this-is CRSing ns wtenneabie and
this'doth:witnese unto the that ye are willing
todo that>which<I have :commanded.you. And this:
