ehall ye always do.to. those who repent.and are bapti-
zed in my name; and ye shall, do it in remembrance of
my blood, which Ihave shed for you, that ye may
Witness.unto.the Father that ye do always. remember
me. And if ye'do- always remember me, ye shall.have
my spirit tobe with you.; And I.give unto youa
commandment. that ye shall do these things. And if
ye shall.always do-these. things, blessed.are ye, for ye
are built upon my rock. But whoso among you shall
do.more-or less than these, are not built upon my. rock,
but are built: upon a sandy foundation; and when the
rain descends, and the floods-.come, and the winds
blow, and beat upon them,..they shall. fall, and the
ates of hell.are-ready open.to.receive them: therefore
lessed-are.-ye if -ye shall. keep:my commandments,
which: the father hath-commanded. me that I should
give unto you.  Verily, verily I say unto you; ye must
watch and.pray always,.lest-yebe:tempted by the dev-
il, and ye are led away captive by. him. ~And.as Ihave
_ prayedamong you, even soshall ye pray in my church,
among my: people who de-repent and are baptized.in
my name. . Behold I'am the light; I have set an ex-
ampleefor you, vb
And it came to. pass that: when Jesus: bad spoken
these words unto his disciples; he turned again unto
the multitude, and said unto them, behold, verily, ve-
rily I-say unto you, ye must watch and pray always,
lest: ye: enter into. temptation; forsatan desireth to
have you; that he may sift you as-wheat; therefore ye
must always pray -unto-the Father in my name; and
whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in my name, which
is.right, believing that ye shall receive, behold it shall
be given unto you: Pray in your families, unto the
Father, alwaysin my name, that your wives and your
children may be blessed: And behold; ye shall meet
together oft, and) ye shall not.-forbid any man from
coming unto you when. ye shall meet together, bu
suffer them that. they:may, come:unto: you, and forbid
them not; butye shall: pray for.-them,:and: sball.n0
cast them out;.and if it so.be that.they come unto you
oft, ye shall. pray for.them unto the Father, in my
name: therefore:hold up your light-thateit may sbine
unto the world. Behold 1 amthe lightiwhich ye shell
hald'up.that which-ye haveseen:me do); Behold ye
see that I have.prayed unto the Father,:and ye:all have
witnessed; and:ye see:that I) have: commeanded:thet
Rone of younshould:go-awayy but irathershave cat
