the people. And when they had ministered those
same words which Jesus had spoken.nothing varying
from the words which Jesus had spoken.behold, they
knelt again, and prayed to the Father in the name of
Jesus; and they did pray for that which they most de-
sired; and they desired that the Holy Ghost should
be given into them. And when they had thus pray-
ed, they went down unto the water's edge, and the
multitude followed them. And it came to pass that
Nephi went down into the water, and was baptized. .
And he came up out of the water and began to bap-
tise. And he baptized all those whom Jesus had cho-
sen. And it came to pass when they were all bapti-
zed, and had come up out of the water, the Holy Ghost
did fall upon them, and they were filled with the Holy
Ghost, and with fire. And behold, they were encir-
led about as if it were fire; and it came down from
heaven, and the multitude did witness it, and do bear
record; and angels did come down out of heaven, and
did minister unfo them. And it came to pass that
while the angels were ministering unto the disciples,
behold, Jesus came and stood in the midst, and minis-
tered unto them. And it came to pass that he spake
unto the multitude, and commanded them that they
should kneel down again upon the earth, and alse that
his disciples should kneel down upon the earth. And
it came to pass that when they had all knelt down up-
on the earth, he commanded his disciples that they
should pray. And behold, they began to pray; and
they did pray unto Jesus, calling him their Lord and
their God. a

And it came to pass that Jesus departed out of the
midst of them, and went a little way off from them
and bowed himself to the earth, and he said, Father,
Ithank thee that thou hast given the Holy Ghost unto
these whom I have chosen; and it is because of their
belief'in me, that I have chosen them out of the world.
Father, I :pray thee that thou wilt give the Holy Ghost
unto all-them that shall believe in their words.  Fa-
ther, thou hast given them the Holy Ghost, because
they believe in me, and thou seest that they believe in
me, because thou hearest them,:and: they pray unto
me; and they pray unto me because I am with them.
And now Father, 1 pray unto thee for them, and also
fer all those who shall believeron: their words, that
