sing which they shall-receive, after they have scatter-
ed. my people, then shall ye who are a remnantof the
house.of Jacob, go forth shone them; and ye shall be
in. the midst.of them, who shall be many; and ye shall
be among them, as a.lion among the beasts of the for.
est, and.as a young lion among the flocks of sheep,
who, if he goeth through, both treadeth down and
teareth in pieces, and none can deliver. Thy hand
shall be lifted up upon thine adversaries, and ail thine
enemies shall be cut off And I will gather my people
together, as aman gathereth his sheaves into the floor,
for I will make my people with whom the Father hath
covenanted, yea, I will.make thy ,horn iron, and I will
make thy hoofs.brass, And thou.shalt beat in pieces
many people; and [ will .consecrate their gain unto
the Lord, and their substance unto the Lord of the
whole earth. And behold, I am he who doeth it..
And it shall come to pass, saith the Father, that the
sword of my justice shall hang over them at that day;
and except. they repent, it shall fall upon them, saith
the Father, yea, even upon alltbe nations of the Gen-
tiles. And it shall come to pass that I will establish
my. people, O house of Israel. And behold, this peo-
ple will [establish in this Jand, unto the fulfilling of
the covenant which I made with your father Jacob;
and it shall be a new Jerusalem. And the powers of
heaven shall be in the midst of this people; yea, even
I will be in the midst of you. Behold, 1 am he of
whom Moses:spake, saying, a prophet shall the Lord
your God raise up unto you of your brethren, like un-
to me, him shall ye hear in all things whatsoever he
shall, say unto. you. And it shall.come.,to pass that
every soul who will not hear that prophet, shallbe cut
off from among the people. Verily, I say. unto you,
yea; and all the prophets from Samuel, and those that
follow after, as many as have spoken, have testified of
me, And behold, ye are the children of the prophets;
and ye are of the tis of Israel; and ye are of. the
covenant which the Father made with your. fathers,
saying unte. Abraham, and in thy seed,.sball all the
kindreds of the earth be blessed; the Father having
raised me.up unto. you first, and sent me.to. bless you,
in turning away, every one.of you from: his iniquites;
and this because ye are, the children of. the covenant.
And after. that ye were, blessed, then fulfilleth the Fa-
ther. the covenant which.he made. with Abrahams #7.
ing, in:thy. seed shall all:the kindreds.of the; earth!
