blessed,. unto. the pouring ont of the Holy. Ghost -
through me upon the Gentiles, which blessing upor
the Gentiles, shall make them mighty above all, unto
the scattering of my people, O house of Israels and
they shall be a scourge unto the people of this land..
Nevertheless, when they shall have received the ful-
neas of my gospel, then if they shall harden their hearts
against me, J will return their iniquities upon their
own heads, saith the Father. And I will remember
the covenant which I have made with my people, and
I have covenanted with them, that I would gather
them together in mine own due time; that I would
give unto them again the land of their fathers, for
their inheritance, which is the land of Jerusalem,
which is the promised land unto them forever, saith
the Father.

And it shall come to pass that the time cometh,
when the fulness of my gospel, shall be preached uato
them, and they shall believe in me, that I am Jesus
Christ, the Son of God, and shall pray unto the Father
inmy name. Then shall their watchmen lift up their
voice; and with the voice together shall they sing:
for they shall see eye to eye. Then will the Father
gether them together again, and give unto them Jeru-
salem for the land of their inheritance. Then shall
they break forth into joy.sing together, ye waste
places of Jerusalem: for the Father hath comforted his
people, he hath redeemed Jerusalem. The Father hath
made bare his holy arm in the eyes of all the nations:
and all the ends of the earth shall see the salvation of
the Father; and the Father and I are one. And then
shall be brought to pass that which is written, awake,
awake again, and put on thy strength, O Zion; put
on thy beautiful garments, O Jerusalem, the holy city,
for henceforth there shall no more come into thee the
ucireumeeised and the unclean, Shake thyself from
the dust; arise, sit down, O Jerusalem; loose thyself
from the bands of thy neck, O captive daughter of
Zion. For thus saith the Lord, ye have sold yourselves
for'nought; and ye shall be redeemed without money.
Verily, verily, 1 say unto you, that my people shall

ow my name; yea, in that. day they shall. know
tbat I am he that doth speak. Jud then shall they
#4y, how beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of
oe bringeth good. tidings unto. them, that pub-

. oa pings good: tidings unto. them

of. good, that publisheth salvation; that saith unto
