Zion, thy God” reigneth!. And’ then’ shall’ a ery go
forth, depart ye, depart ye,go ye out from thence, touch
not that which is unclean; go ye out of the midst of her;
be ye clean, that bear the vessels of the Lord. For ye
shall not go out with haste, nor go by flight: for the Lord
will go before you; and the God of Israel shall be your
rearward. Behold, my servant shall’ deal prudently,
he shall be exalted and extolled, and be very high.
As many were astonished at thee; (his visage was so
marred more than any man, and his form more than
the sons of’ men,) so shall he sprinkle many nations;
the kings shall shut their mouths at kim, for that
which had been told them shall they see; and that
which’ they had not heard shall they consider.  Verily,
verily, I say unto you, all these things shall surely
come, even as the Father hath commanded me. Then
shall this covenant which'the Father hath coyenanted
with his people, be fulfilled; and then shall Jerusalem
be inhabited again with my people, and it shull be the
Jand of their inheritance. And verily, I say unto you,
1 give unto you a sign, that ye may know the time
waen these things shall he about to take place, that I
shall gather in from their long dispersion, my people,
O house of Israel, and shall establish again amon

them my Zion. And behold, this is the thing whic

I will give unto you for a sign, for verily, I say unto
you, that when these things which I declare unto you,
and which I shall declare unto. you hereafter of myself,
and’by the power of the Holy Ghost, which shall be
given unto you of the Father, shall be made known
unto the Gentiles, that they may know concerning this
people'who are a remnant of the house of Jacob, and
concerning this my people who shall be scattered by
them; verily, verily, [ say unto you, when_ these
thingsshall be made known unto them of the Father,
and shall come forth of the Father, from them unto
you, for it is wisdom in the Father that they should be
established in this land, and be set up asa free people
by the power of the Father, that these things might
come forth from them unto’a remnant of your seed,
that the covenant of the Father'may be fulfitled which
he hath covenanted with his people, © house of Is-
rael; therefore, when these works, and the works
which shall be wrought among’ you hereafter, slisll
come forth from’ the Gentiles unto your seed, which
shall dwindle in wbelif beckuse of iniquity? for thusit
behooveth the Father that it should’ come forth from

he
sa aS; ge

   
 
