hanhg},:and I will pluck: up: th es out of the
midst: of thee; so will J destroy any cities Andit 
shallcometo pass that all lyings, and deceivings, and
envyings, and strifes; and priestcrafts, and whoredoms,
shall be done away. For it shall come to pass, saith
the Father, that at that day, whosoever will not repent
and come unto my beloved Son, them will I cutoff
from among'my people, O house of Israel; and I will
execute vengeance and fury upon them, even as upon
the heathen, such as they have not heard.



fine

CHAPTER X.

Bur if they will repent, and hearken unto my words,
and:harden not their hearts, I will establish: my church
among them, and they. shall,come’ in unto the eoven-
ant, and be numbered. among this the remnant of Ja-
oob, unto whom-I have given this land for their in-
~ heritance, and they shall assist my people, the rem-
nant of Jacob; and also, as'many of the house of Is-
raelas shall come, that they may build a city, which
shall be called the New Jerusalem; and then shall they
assist my people that they may be gathered in, who
are scattered upon all the face of the land, in unto the
New Jerusalem. And:then shall the power of heaven
- come dow. among them; and I also will be in the
midst; and then shall the work of the Father commence,
at that day even when this gospel shall be preached
among the remnant of this people. Verily, Isay unto
you, at that day shall the work of the Father com-
mence among all the dispersed of my people; yea
@ven'the tribes which have been lost, which the Fa-
ther hath Jed-away out of Jerusalem, Yea, the work

. _ @ball:commence among all the:dispersed of my people,

with the Father, to prepare:the way. whereby they may
come-unto me, that they may call on the Father i
my name; yea, and then shall the work commence,
with the Father, among all nations, in prepering the
way. whereby his:people ma: resem home to the

. dand.of their inheritance. . dan ey shall go out from

~ all nations; ,and:they shallmot go out:in haste, nor g

 by, flights, for L>will go:before them, saith the Father,

, aad E will be :their rearward: And then: shall that

   
  

   

cite
SRI So
