which is. written come to pass, Sing, O barren; thou
that didst not bear; break forth into singing, and:cry
aloud, thou that didst not travail with child; for more
arethe children of the desolatethan the children:of
the married wife, saith the Lord... Enlarge the place
of thy tent, and let them stretch forth the curtains of
thy habitations; spare not, lengthen thy cords, and
strengthen thy stukes; for thou shalt break forth on
the mght hand and on the left; and thy seed shall in-
herit the Gentiles, and make the desolate cities:to- be
inhabited. Fear not; for thou shalt not be ashamed;
neither be thou confounded: for thou shalt not be put
to shame: for thou shalt forget the shame of thy youth,
and shalt not remember the reproach of thy youth, and
shalt not remember the reproach of thy widowhood
any more. For thy maker, thy husband, the Lord
of hosts is his name; and thy Redeemer, the Holy
One of Israel; the God of the whole earth: shall
he be called.. For the Lord hath called thee as-a
woman forsaken and grieved in spirit, and a wife
of youth, when thou wast. refused, saith thy God.
For a small moment have I forsaken thee; but with
t mercies will I gather thee. In a little wrath
hid my face trom thee for a moment; bat with
everlasting kindness will I have mercy on thee; saith
the Lord thy Redeemer. For this, the waters of
Noah unto me, for as I have sworn that the waters
of Noah should no more go over the earth, so have I
sworn that-I would not be wroth with theese For
the mountains shall depart and the hills be remov-
ed; but-my kindness shall not depart from thee, neith-
er shall the covenant of my people be removed, saith
the Lord that hath mercy on thee.

O thou afflicted, tossed with tempest, and not com-
forted! behold, [ will lay thy stones with fair colors,
and lay thy foundations with sapphires. AndI will
make thy windows of agates, and thy gates of carbun-
cles, and all thy borders of pleasant stunes. . And-all
thy children shall be taught of the Lord; and great
shall be the peace of thy children. In righteousness
shalt thou be.established, thou shalt be far from op-
pression; for thou shalt not fear, and from terror; for
it shall not come near thee. Behold, they shall surely
gather together against thee, not by me; whosoever
shall guihas together against thee shall: fall for thy
take, Behold,. Theve created the smith that: bloweth
