robbed: me, even: this whole nation. Baing ye all the
tithes into the storehouse, that there may be meat in
my house, and prove me now herewith, saith the Lord
of hosts, if ] willnot open you, the windows of heaven,
und pour you out a blessing, that there shall not be
room enough to receive it. And I will rebuke the de-
vourer for your sakes, and he shall not destroy the
fruits of your ground; neither shall your vine cast her
fruit before the time in the fields, saith the Lord of
hosts. -And all. nations shall call you blessed, for ye
shall be a delightsome land, saith the Lord of hosts.

Your words have been stout against me, saith the
Lord. Yet ye say; what have we spoken against thee?
Ye have said, it is'vain to: serve God, and what doth
it profit that we have kept his ordinance, and that we
have walkedmournfully before the Lord of hostst
And. now we call the proud happy; yea, they that
work wickedness are set up: yea, them that tempt
God are even delivered.

Then they that feared the Lord spake often one to
another, and the Lord hearkened, and heord; anda
book of remembrance was written before him for them
that feared the Lord, and that thought upon his name,
And they shall be mine, saith the Lord of hosts, in
that day when J make up my jewels; and I will spare
them, as a man spareth his own son that serveth him.
Then shall ye-return and discern between the righteous
and the wicked, between him that werveth God and
him that serveth him not. For behold, the day com-
eth, that shall burn as an oven; and all the proud,
yea, and all that do wickedly, shall. be stubble; and
the day that cometh shall burn.them up, saith the
Lord of hosts, that it shall leave them neither root nor

But unto you that fear my name, shall the Son of
righteousness arise with healing in his wings; .and ye
shall go forth, and. grow up. as calves in the stall..
And ye shall:tread down the wicked; for they shall be
ashes under the soles of your feet in the day that]
shall do this, saith the Lord of hosts... Remember ye
the law of Moses my servant, which I commanded
unto him in Horeb for all Israel, with the statutes and
judgments... Behold, I will send you Elijah the pro-
phet before the coming of the great and dreadful day -
of the Lord; and he shall turn the heart of the fathers
to the children, and the heart of the children to their
fathera, lest I.come andsmite the earth with a curae.:

  
