and for this cause have I been lifted up;: therefore, ac.
cording to the, power of the Father, I will draw all men
anto me, that they may be judged according to their
works. And it shall come to pass, that whoso repent-
eth and is baptized in my name, shall be filled; and if
he endureth to the end, behold, him will I hold guilt.
less before my Father, at that day when I shall stand
to judge the world. And he that endureth not unto
the end, the sume is he. that. is also hewn down and
cast into the fire, from whence they can no more re.
turn, because of the justice of the Father; and _ this is
the word which he hath given unto the children of
men. And for this cause he fulfilleth the words which
he hath given, and he lieth not, but fulfilleth all hig
words; and no unclean thing can enter into his king-
dom; therefore nothing entereth into his rest, save it
be those who have washed their garments in my blood,
because of their faith, and the repentance of all their
sins, and their faithfulness unto the end. Now this
is the commandment, repent, all ye ends of the earth,
and come unto me and be baptized in my name, thet
ye may be sanctified by the reception of the Holy
Ghost, that ye may stand spotless before me at the
last day. yerly, verily I say unto you, this is my
gospel; and ye know the things that ye must do in my
church; for the works which ye have seen me do, that
shall ye also do; for that which ye have seen me do,
even that shall ye do; therefore if ye do these things,
blessed are ye, for ye shall be lifted up at the last day.

CHAPTER XII.

Write the things which ye have seen and heard,
wave it'be those which are forbidden; write.the works
of this people, which shall be even as hath been writ
ten of that which hath been; for -behold, out-of the
books which have: been written, and which shall be
written, shall this people be. judged, for by them shall
their works be known unto men... And . behold, -all
things are written. by the Father; therefore out of the
books which shall be written, shall the world be judg-
ved. And know ye that ye shall-be judges.of this peo~
ple, according to the judgment which I shall give unto
