you, which shall be just; therefore what manner. of
men had ye ought to be? Verily I say unto you, even
asfam. And now I go unto the Father. And verily
lsay unto you, whatsoever things ye shall ask the Fa-
ther, in my name, it shall be given unto you; there
fore ask, and ye shall receive; knock, and it shall be
opened unto you: for he that asketh, receiveth, and
unto him tbat knocketh, it shall be opened. And now
behold, my joy is great, even unto fulness, because of
you, and also this generaticn; yea, and even the Fa-
ther rejoiceth, and also all the holy angels, because of
ouand this generation: for none ot them are lost.
hold, I would that ye should understand; for I mean
them who are now alive, of this generation; and
none of them are lost; and in them  have fulness of
joy. But behold, it sorroweth me because of the
fourth generation from this generation, for they are
led away captive by him, even as was the son of per-
dition; tor they will sell me for silver, and for gold,
and for that which moth doth corrupt, and which
thieves can break through and steal. And in that day
will [ visit them, even in turning their works upon
their own heads.

And it came to pass that when Jesus had ended
these sayings, he saith unto his disciples, enter ye in
at the straight gate: for straight is the gate,and narrow
 ia the way that leads to life, and few there be that find
it, bat wide is the gate, and bread the way which
leads to death, and many there be that travel therein,
until the night cometh, wherein no man can work.

And it came to pass when Jesus had said these
words, he spake unto his disciples, one by one, saying
unto them, what is it that ye desire of me, after that
Tam gone to the Father! And they all,spake, save it
were three, we desire that after we have lived unto
the age of man, that our ministry, wherein thou hast
called us, may have an end, that we may speedily come
unto thee, in thy kingdom. And _ he said unto them,;
blessed are ye, because ye desired this thing of me;
therefore after that ye are seventy and two years old,
ye shall come unto me in my kingdom, and with me
ye shall find rest. And when he had spoken unto
them, he turned himself unto the three, and said unto
them, what will ye that I should do unto.you, when I
am gone. unto the Father? And they sorrowed in
their hearts, for they durst. not speak unto him. the
thing which they desired. And he said unto them,
