Lord did prosper them exceedingly, in the land; yea,
insomuch that they did fill cities eosin where shee hast
been cities burned; yea, even that great city Zarahem-
ladid they cause to be buillagain. But there were
many cities which had been sunk, and Waters came up
inthe stead thereof; therefore these cities could not
be renewed.

And now behold it came to pass that the people of
Nephi did wax strong, and did multiply exceeding fast,
and- became an exceeding fair and delightsome people.
And they were married, and given in marriage, and
were blessed according to the multitude of the promis-
ee which the Lord had made unto them. And they
didnot. walk any more after the performances and or-
dinances of the law of Moses, but they did walk after
thecommandinents which they had received from their
Lord and their God, continuing in fasting and prayer,
and in meeting together oft, both to pray and to hear
theword of the Lord. And it came to pass that there
was no contention among all the people, in all the
land, but.there were mighty miracles wrought among
the disciples of Jesus. .

And it came to pass that the seventy and first year
passed. away, and also the seventy and second: year;
yea, and in fine, till the seventy and ninth year had
passed away: yea, even an hundred years had passed
away, and the disciples of Jesus, whom he had chosen,
had all gone to the paradise of God, save it were the
three-who should tarry; and there were other disciples
ordained in:their stead; and also many of that genera-
tion which had passed away. And it came to pass
that there was no contention in the land, because of
the-love of God which did dwell in the hearts of the
people: And there were no envyings, nor strifes, nor
tumulis, nor whoredoms, nor lyings, nor murders, nor
any mariner of lasciviousness; and surely there could
not bea happier people among all the people who had
been'created by the hand of God; there were'no rob-
bers, nor. murderers,, neither were there Lamanites,
orany manner of ites; but they were in one, the chil
dren of Christ, and heirs to the kingdom of God; and
how blessed were they, for the Lord did bless them in
all their doings;. yea, even they were blessed and proa-
pered, until amhundred and ten years had passed away;
and the first: generation from:Christ had passed away,
and there was no contention in all the land. $
