with them, and they did cast them into prison; but
by the’ power of the word of God, which was in them,
the prisons were rent in twain, ahd they went forth
doing mighty miracles among them. Nevertheless,
and notwithstanding all these miracles the people did
harden their hearts, and did seek to kill them, even ag
the Jews at Jerusalem sought to kill Jesus, according
to his word, and they did cast them into furnaces of
fire, and they came forth receiving no harm; and they
also cast them into dens of wild beasts, and they did
play with the wild beasts even as a child with a lamb;
and they did come forth from among them, receiving
no harm. Nevertheless, the people did harden their
hearts, for they were led by many priests and false
prophets to build up many churches, and to do all
manner of iniquity. And they did smite upon the
people of Jesus; but the people of Jesus did not smite
again. And thus they did dwindle in unbelief and
wickedness, from year to year, even until two hundred
and thirty years had passed away. And now it came
lo pass in this year, yea, in the two hundred and thir-
ty and first year, there was a great division among the
people. And it came to pass that in this year there
arose a people who were called the Nephites, and they
were true believers in Christ; and among them there
were those who were called by the Lamanites, Jacob-
ites, and Josephites, and Zoramites; therefore the
true believers in Christ, and the true worshipers of
Christ, (among whom were the three disciples of Je-
sus who should tarry,) were called Nephites, and Ja-
cobites, and Josephites, and Zoramites. And it came
to pass that they who rejected the gospel, were called
Lamanites, and Lemuelites and Ishmaelites; and they
did not dwindle in unbelief, but they did wilfully re-
bel against the gospel of Christ; and they did teach
their children chat they should not believe, even as
their fathers, ftom the beginning, did dwindle. © And
it was because of the wickedness and abominations of
their fathers, even as it was m the beginning. And
they were taught to hate the children of God, even as
the Lamanites were taught to hate the children of
Nephi, from the beginning.

And. it came to pass that two hundred and forty and
four years had passed away, and thus were the affairs
of the people. And the more wicked part of the peo-
ple did wax strong, and became exceeding more nu-
