BOOK OF MORMON.
CHAPTER J.

Axp now I, Mormon, make a record of the things
which I have both seen and heard, and eall it the book
of Mormon. And about the time that Ammaron hid
up the recores unto the Lord, he came unto me, (I be-
ing about ten years of age; and I began to be learned
somewhat.after the manner of the learning of my peo-
ple,) and Ammaron said unto me, I perceive that thou
arta seber child, and: art quick to observe; therefore
when ye are about twenty and four years old, I would
that ye should remember the things that ye have ob-
served concerning this people; and when ye are of that
age, go to the land Antum, unto a hill, which shall be
called Shim; and there have I deposited unto the Lord,
all the sacred engravings coneerning this. people..
And behold, ye siall take the pale of Nephi unto
yourself, and the remainder shall ye leave in the place
where they are; and ye shall engrave on the plates of
Nephi, all the things that ye have observed concerning
this people. And I, Mormon, being a descendant of
Nephi, (and my father’s name was Mormon,) I re-
membered the things which Ammaron commanded me.
And it came to pass that J, being eleven years: old,
Was carried by my father into the land southward,
even to the land of Zarahemla; the whole face of the
land having become covered with buildings, and the
people were as numerous almost, as it were the sand
of the sea. And it came to pass in this year, there be-
gan to be a war between the Nephites, who consisted
of the Nephites, and the Jacobites, and the Josephites,
and the Zoramites; ahd this war was between the Ne-
phites, and the LLamanites, and the Lemuelites, and.
the Ishmaelites. Now the Lamanites, andthe Lemu-
elites, and the Ishmaelites, were called Lamanites, and
the two’ parties were Nephites and Lamanites.  And
it came to pass that the war began to be among them
in the borders of Zarahemla, by the waters of Sidon.
And it came to pass that the Nephites had. gathered
together a great number of men, even to exceed the

 
