ness im sin. And:they did not come unto Jesus with
broken heartsand contrite spirits, but they did curse
God, and wish to die, Nevertheless they would strug-
gle with the sword for their lives. And it came to
pass that my sorrow did return unto me again, and I
saw that the day of grace was past with them, both
temporally and spiritually, for [saw thoudands of
them hewn down in open rebellion against their God
and heaped up as dung upon the face of the land. And
thus three hundred and forty and four years had pass-
ed away.

And it came to pass that in the three hundred and
forty and fifth year, the Nephites did begin to flee be-
fore the Lamanites, and they were pursued until they
eame even to the land of Jashon, before it-was posst-
ble to stop them in their retreat. And now the city
of Jashon was near the land where Ammaron had de-
posited the records unto the Lord, that they might
not be destroyed, And behold I had gone according
to the word oF Ammaron, and taken the plates of Ne-
phi, and did make a record according to the words of
Ammaron. And upon the plates of Nephi I did make
a fall account of all the wickedness and abominations;
but upon these plates I did forbear to make a full ac-
count of their wickedness and abominations, for be-
hold, a continual scene of wickedness and abomina-
tions has been before mine eyes ever since I have been
sufficient to behold the ways of man. And wo is me,
because of their wickedness, for my heart has been fill-
ed-with sorrow because of their wickedness, all my
days; nevertheless, 1 know that I shall be lifted up at
the last day.

And it came’to pass that in this year the people of
Nephi again were hunted and driven. And it came to
pass that we were driven forth until we had come
northward to the land which was called Shem. And
itcame to pass that we did fortify the city of Shem,
and we did gather in our people as much as it were
possible, that perhaps we might save them from des-
truction. And it’ came to pass in the three hundred
and forty and sixth year, they began to come upon us
again, : And it came to pass that [ did speak unto my
people, and did urgethem:with great energy, that they
would stand boldly before:the Lamanites, and fight for
their wives, and their children, and their houses and
their homes. And my :words'did:arouse them some-
what to vigor, insomuch: that they did not flee from
