we did place our armies, that we might stop the: ar-
mies of the Lamanites, that they might not get pos-
session of any of our lands; therefore we did fortify
against them with all our force.

And it came to pass that in the three hundred and
sixty and first year, the Lamanites did come down to
the city of Desolation to battle, against us; And it
came to pass that in that year, we did beat them, in-
somuch that they did return to their own lands again,
And in the three hundred and. sixty and second year,
they did come down again to battle. And we did beat
them again, and did slay a great number of them, and
their dead were cast into the sea. And now because
of this great thing which my people, the Nephites,
had done, they began to boast in their own strength,
and began to. swear before the heavens, that they
would avenge themselves of the blood of their brethren
who had been slain by their enemies. And they did
swear by the heavens, and also by the throne of God,
that they would go up to battle against their enemies,
and would cut them off from the face of the land.

And it came to pass that I, Mormon, did utterly re-
fuse from this time forth, to be a commander and 4
leader of this people, because of their wickedness and
abomination. . Behold, I had led them, notwithstand-

.ing their wickedness, I had lead them many times to
battle, and had loved them, according to the love of
God which was in me, with all my heart; and my soul
had been poured out in prayer unto my God all the
day long, for them; nevertheless, it was without faith,
because of the hardness of their hearts. And thrice
have I delivered them out of the hands of. their ene-
mies, and they have repented not of their sins. And
when they had sworn by all that had been forbidden
them, by our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, that they
would go up. unto their.enemies to battle, and avenge
themselves of the blood.of their brethren, behold, the
voice of the Lord cameunto me, saying, vengeance 1s
mine, and I will repay; and because this people re-
pented not after I had delivered them, behold, they
, shall be: cut off from the face of the earth. And it
came to pass that I: utterly refused to go up against
mine enemies;) and I did-even as the Lord had com-
manded..me+ and: I. did-stand as an idle: witness. to
manifest unto the world the things which ] saw and
heard, according to the: manifestations of. the: spirit
which had testified of things to come, Therefore 1
