also near the city: Desdlation. And it was because the
armies ofthe Nephites: went up: unto the Lamanites,
 that they began’ tobeemitten; for were it not for that,
the Lamanites could: shave had no power over them.
But behold, : the judgments of God willoyertake the
wicked; and itis by the wicked; that the wicked afe
punished: for it ip the wicked that stir-up'the hearts
of the childrensof men unto bloodshed. And it came
, to/pass that: the Lamanites did make preparations to
come against the city Teancum.”  tebe Ga)

And it-came to passin the three hundred and sixty
and fourth year, the Laimanites did come against the
eity Teancum, that they might takepossession of the
eity Teaneum also, Aind'it:came to’ pass: that: they
Were repulsed-and driven back by the Nephites.- And
when the Neptites saw that they had driven the La-
manites, they did again boast of their’strength; and
+ they went forth in their own might, and:took posses-
sion again of the city Desolation. And now all-these
things had been done, and there had been thousands
slain on both sides, both the: Nephites and the: Laman-
ites, And it came to pass that the three hundred and
sixty and sixth year had passed away, and the Laman-
ites came again upon the Nepliites to battle; and yet
the Nephites repented not of the evil they had done,
but persisted in their wickedness continually. And it
is impossible for the tongue to describe, or for man to
write a perfec. description of the horrible scene of the
blood and carnage which was among the people; both
of the Nephites and of the Lamanites; and every heart
was hardened, so that they delighted in the shedding
of blood continually: And there’ never had been so
great wickedness among all the children of Lehi, nor
even among all the house-of' {gracl, according to the
words of the Lord, as were among this people. -

And it came’ to pass that the Lamanites'did take
possession of the city Desolation, and this because
their number did exceed the number of the Nephites.
And they did also march forward against the city Te-
ancum, and did drive the inhabitants forth out of her,
and did tuke many’ptisoners both women and children,
and did offer them up as eacrifices'unto'their idol gods.
And it came to pass that in. the:thtee hundred’ and
sixty and severith year, the Nephites being angry be-
Gause the Lamanites had sacrified: their womenand
their childten, that they did. go againat the Lamanites
with exceeding great anger, insomuch that they did

 
