CHAPTER IIL. ,

Axp now I finish my record concerning the destruc-
tion of my people, the Nephites. And it came to pass
that we did march forth before the Lamanites, And
T Mormon, wrote an’ epistle unto the king of the La-
manites, and desired of him that he would grant unto
us that we might gather together our people unto the
land of Cumorah, by a bill which was called Cumorab,
and there we would give them battle. And it came to
pass that'the king of the Lamanites did grant unto me
the thing which [ desired. And it came to pags that
wre did march forth to the land of Cumorah, and.we
did piteh our tents round about the hill Cumorah; and
it was in a land of many waters, rivers and fountains;
and here we had hope to gain advantage over the La-
manites. And when three hundred and eighty and
four years had passed away, we had gathered in all the
remainder of our people unto the land Cumorah. __,

And it came to pass that when we had gathered in
all. our people in oneto the Jand of Cumorah, behold I,
Mormon, began to be old; and knowing it to be the
last atruggle of my people, and having: been command-
ed of the Lord that I should not suffer that.the records
which had been hauded down by our fathers, which
were sacred, to’ fall into the hands of the Lamanites,
(for the Lamanites would: destroy them,) therefore I
made this record out of the plates of Nephi, and hid up
in the hill Cumorah, all the records. which had -been
entrusted to me by the hand of the Lord, save it. were
these few plates which I gave unto my son Moroni.
And it:came.to pass that my people, with their wives
and'their children, did’ now behold. the armies of the
Lamanites marching towards them: and with.that aw-
ful: fear of death which fills the breasts.of all the wick-

ed, did they await to receive them. . And. it came to
pass that they come to: battle against. ua, and every
soul was filled with terror, because of the greatness.of
their nambers..And it-came to pass that they. did fall
upon my people with. the swordy and: with :the bow,
and with the arrow,:and with: the!.axe, and with all
manner.of weapons of war.::And.it.came’ to) pass that
my men were hewn down, yea, even my ten thousand
who were with me, and I fell wounded in the midst:
and they passed by me that they did not put an end to
my life. And when they had gone through and hewn
down all my people save it were twenty and four of
