us, (among whom was my son Moroni,) and we having
garvived the \deaduof: our -peopley did: beheld on the
morrow, when the Lamanites had returned unto their
camps, from the topof the hill Cumorah, the-ten
thousand of my people who were hewn down, being
fed in the front by me; and we also beheld the ten
thousand of my people who were led by my son Moro-
ni, And behold, the ten thousand of Cidgiddonah
had'fallen, and he alse in the midst; and Lamah bad
fallen with his ten. thousand; and Gilgal had fallen
with his ten. thousand; and Limhah had fallen with
histen thousand; and Joneam had fallen with his ten
thousand; and Camenihah, and Moronihah, and Anti-
enum, and Shiblemy and Shem, and Josh, had fallen
with their ten thousand-each,

Aud it came to pass that there were ten more who
did fall by the sword, with their ten thousand each;
yea; even ail my people, save it were those twenty and
foar who were withme, and also a few who had es-
eaped into the south countries, and a few who had dis-
sented over unto the Lamanites, had fallen, and their
flesh, and bones, and blood lay upon the face of the
earth, being left by the hands of those who.slew them,
to moulder upon the land, and to crumble and to re-
turn to their. mother earth. And my soul was rent
with anguish, because of: the slain of;my people, and
leried, O ye fair ones, how could ye have departed
from the ways of the Lord! O ye fair ones, how could
ye have rejected that Jesus, who stood with open
armsto receive you! Behold, if ye had net done this,
ye would not have fallen. But behold, ye are fallen,
and I-mourn yourloss. O ye fair sons and daughters,
x fathers and mothers, ye husbands and wives, ye

ir ones, how is ut. that ye could. have fallent But
behold, ye are gone, and my sorrows cannot bring
your return; and the day soon cometh that your mor-
tal must put on immortality, and these bodies which
are now .mouldering in corruption, must soon become
incorruptible bodies; and then ye must stand before
the judgment seat of Christ, to be judged according to
your works; and if it so be that ye are righteous, then
are ye blessed with your fathers who have gone before
you, -O'that ye had repented before this great destruc-
tion had come upon you. But behold, Ye are gone,
and the Father, yea, the eternal Father of -heaven,
knoweth your state; and he doeth with you according

to his justice and mercy.
