@th their faith; for in his name could they remove
tains; and in his name could they cause the
1 to shake; and by the power of his word did they
cause prisons to tumble to the earth; yea, even the
fiery furnace could not harm them; neither wild
beasts, nor poisonous serpents, because of the power
of his word. And behold, their prayers were also ih
behalf of him that the Lord should suffer to brin
these things forth, And no one need say, they shal
not-come, for they surely shall, for the Lord hath
spoken it; for out of the earth shall they come, by the
hand of. the Lord, and none can stay it; and it shall
come in a day when it shall be said that miracles
are done away; and it shall come even as if one should
speak from the dead. And it shall come in a day
when the blood of saints shall cry unto the Lord, be-
cause of secret: combinations and the works of dark-
ness; yea, it shall come im a day when the power of
God shall be denied, and churches become defiled, and
ee be lifted up in the pride of their hearts; yea, even
aday when leaders of churches, and teachers, in
the pride of their hearts, even to the envying of them
who belong to-their churches; yea, it shall-come ina
day when there shall be heard of fires, and tempegts;
and'vapors of smoke in foreign lands; and there shall
also be heard of wars, and rumors of wars, and earth-
quakes in diverse places; yea; it shall come in a day
when there shall'be great pollitions upon the face of
the earth; there shall be murders, and robbing, and
lying, and deceivings, and whoredoms, and all manner
ofabominations: when there sliall be many who will
say, do this, or do that, and it mattereth not, for the
Lord will uphold such at the last day. But wo unto
suchjfor they are in the gall of bitterness, and in the
bonds of iniquity. Yea, it shall come in a day when
there shall be churches built up that shall'say, come
tinte ine; and for your money you shall be forgiven of
Yoursins.  O ye wicked and perverse; and stiffnecked
eople;:why have ye built up churches unto yourselves
to get gain? Why have ye transfigured the holy
word of God) that ye might bring damnation upon
lirsouls? Behold, look. ye unto the revelations of
Por behold, the time cometh’at’ that day when
alkthese things must befolfilled.  Behold, the Lord
listh shewn unto me great and marvelous things cor
ae tie mustshortly come’at that day
When:these' things: shall'come fortlhamong’ yous Ba-
