dwel! With a holy and just God, under a consciousness
of your filthiness before him, than ye would to dwell
with the damned souls in hell? For behold, when ye
shall. be.brought to see your nakedness before God,
and also the glory of God, and the holiness of Jesus
Christ, it will kindle a flame of .unquenchable fire up-
onyou. O then ye unbelieving, turn ye unto the
Lord; ery mightily unto’the Father in the name of
Jesus, that perhaps ye may be found spotless, pure,
fair and white, having been cleansed by the blood of
the Lamb, at that great and last day. And again I
speak unto you, who deny the revelations of God, and
say that they are done away, that there are no revela-
tions, nor prophecies, nor gifts, nor healing, nor speak-
5 tongues, and the interpretation of tongues.
Behold [I say unto you, he that denieth these thmgs;
knoweth not the gospel of Christ; yea, he has not

read the scriptures; if so, he does not understand them.

For do we not read that God is the same yesterday,
easy, and forever; and in him there is no variable-
fess neither shadow. ot changing. And now, if ye
have imagined up unto yourselves.a god who doth va-
ry, and in him there is shadow of changing, then have
ye imagined up unto yourselves a god whois nota
Ged of miracles. But behold, I will shew unto you a

God of miracles, even the God of Abraham, and the
God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob; and it is that
same God who created the heavens and the earth, and
all things that in. them are. Behold, he created Ad-
am; and by Adam came the fall of man. And because
of the fall.of man, came Jesus Christ, even the Fa-
ther and the Son; and because of Jesus Christ came
the redemption of man. And because of the redemp-
tion of man, which came by Jesus Christ, they are
brought back into the presence of the Lord; yea, this
is wherein-all men are redeemed, because the death of
Christ bringeth to pass the resurrection, which bring-

eth to pass a redemption from-an endless sleep, from
which sleep all men shall be awoke by the power of
Ged; when the tramp shall sound; and they shall
come forth, both saat and great, and all shall stand
before his bar, being redeemed and loosed from this

eternal band.of death, which death is a temporal death;
and then cometh the judgment of the Holy One upon
them; and then cometh the time that he that is filthy
shall-be filthy:still; and he that is righteous, shall.be
righteous atill;: he that is happy, shall be happy still;
