sud he that is unhappy, shall be unhappy still. And
now,'O-all ye that have imagined up unto yourselves
a god who can dono miracles, I would ask of you,
have all' these things past, of which J have spoken?.
Has the end come yet? Behold’ say unto you, nay;
and God has not ceased to be a God of miracles. De.
hold, are not (he things that God hath wrought, mar.
velous in our eyes? Ven: and who can comprehend
the marvelous works.of God? Whoshall say that-it
was nota miracle, that by his word the heaven and
the earth should be; and by the power of his word,
man was created of the dust of the earth; and by tie
power'of his word, hath miracl:s been wrought? And
who shall say that Jesus Christ did not do many migh-
ty miracles? And there were many. mighty suritacles
wrought by thehands of the apostles.  And'if there
were miracles wrought, then why has'God ceased-to
bea God of miractes, and yet be an unchangable be-
ing. And behold I'say unto you, he changeth not; if
80, he would cease to be God; and hie ceaseth- not to
be God, and is a God-of miracleg.’: And the reason
why he ceaseth to. do miracles among the children of
men, is:because that they-dwindle im unbelief, and de-
part from the right way, and know not the God in
whom they should trust. Beliold [say unto you,
that whoso’ beliveth in Christ, doubting nothing,
whatsoever he shall’.ask the Father in the name. of
Christ it shall be granted him; and’this promise is ua-
to alljeven unto the ends of the: carth,  For behold,
thus saith Jesus Christ, the Son of God, unto his dis-
ciples who should tarry; -yea,and also'to-all his disci-
ples,’ in the hearing ofthe multitude; go ye into all
the world, and preach the gospel:to every creature:
and he that believeth-and is: baptized,:shall be saved,
but he’ that believeth not, shall:be damned, And these
signs shall follow them that believe, in my- name shall
they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues
they: shall’take up serpents; anddf they drink any
deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; ' they shall -lay
hands on the'sick, andthey’shall'recover; and: whoso-
ever shall: believe'in my nani, doubting nothing, unto
him’ with I confitny all my-words;even unto the ends
of the earth Andinow’beholdy who dai stand against
theworks of the Lord? Who an deny his sayings?
Who'will rise upagainst the almighty power of the
Loord?:: Who will’ despise theworkd of the bord
Who will despise-the childven'of Christ? Behold; til
