the son of Omer; and Omer. was the-son of Shule; and
Shule was the son:of Kib; and: Kib was the son. of
Orihah, whe was the son of Jared; .which Jared came
forth with his brother and their families, with some
others and their families, from the great tower, at the
time the Lord confounded the language of the people,
and swear in -his wrath. that they should be scattered
upon all the face.of the earth; and according to the
word of the Lord the people were scattered. And the
brother of Jared, being a large and a mighty man, and
being a man highly favored of the Lord: for Jared his
brother said unto him, ery unto the Lord, that he will
not confound us that we may not understand our words.
And it came to pass that the brother of {Jared did ery
unto the Lord, and the Lord had compassion upon Ja-
red; therefore he did not confound the language of Ja-
ted; and Jared and his brother were not confounded.
Then Jared said unto his brother, cry again unto the
Lord, and it may be that he will turn away his anger
from them.wno. are our friends, that he confound not
their language. And it came to pass that the brother
of Jared did cry unto the Lord, and the Lord had com-
passion upon their friends, and-their families also, that
they were not confounded. And-it came to pass that
Jared.spake again unto his brother, saying, go and in-
guire of the Lord: whether he will drive us out of the
Jand, and if he will drive us out of the land,
ery unto him. whither we shall go. And who
knoweth but. the Lord will carry us forth into a land
whichis choice above all the earth. Andif it so'be,
let-us be faithful unto the Lord, that we may receive
it for our inheritance.

And it came to pass that the brother of Jared did
ery unto the Lord according to that which had been
spoken by .the mouth of Jared. And it came to pass
that the Lord did hear the brother of Jared, and had
compassion upon him, and said unto him, go to and
gather-together thy flocks, both male and. female, of
every kind; and also of the seed of the earth of every
kind, and thy families; and also Jared thy brother and
his family; and also thy friends and their families, and
the friends of Jared and their. families. And when
thou hast done this, thou shalt go at the head of them
down into.the valley, which is northward. And there’
will.J meet: thee, and I will go before thee into a land
which is choice above-all.the land of the earth... And
there will I bless thee’and thy seed, and raise up unto
