me of thy. seed, and of the seed of thy brother, and
they who shall. go with thee, a-great nation. And
there shall. be none greater than the nation which I
will raise up unto me of thy seed, upon all the face of
the earth. And thus I will do unto thee because this
long time ye have cried unto me.

And it came to pass that Jared, and his brother, and
their families, and also the friends of Jared and his
brother, and their families, went down into the valley
which was northward, (and the name of the valley
was Nimrod, being called after the mighty hunter,)
with their flocks which they had gathered together,
male and female, of every kind. And they did also
lay snares and catch fowls of the air, and they did also
prepare a vessel, in which they did carry with them
the fish of the waters; and they did also carry with
them deseret, which, by interpretation, isa honey bee;
and thus they did carry with them swarms of bees,
and all manner of that which was.upon the face of the
land, seeds of every kind. And it'came to pass that
when they had come down into the-valley of Nimrod,
the Lord came down and talked with the brother. of
Jared; and he was inacloud, and the brother of Ja-
red saw him not. And it came to pass that the Lord
commanded them that they should go forth into the
wilderness, yea, into that quarter where there never
had man been. And it came to pass that the Lord did
go before them, and did talk with them as he stood in

a cloud, and gave directions whither they should travel.
And it came to-pass that they did travel in the wilder-
ness, and did build barges, in which they did cross ma-
ny waters, being directed continually by the hand of
the Lord. And the Lord would not:suffer that they
should stop beyond-the sea in the wilderness, but he
would that they should come forth even unto the land
of promise,-which was choice above all other lands
which the Lord God had preserved for'a righteous peo-
ple; and he had sworn in his wrath unto the brother
of Jared; that: whogo should possess this land of prom-
ise, from that time henceforth and forever; should
serve him, the true and.only God, or they should be
swept off when the fulness of his wrath’ should come
upon them. And now we can: behold the decrees of
God concerning this land, that it is'a land of promise,
and. whatsoever nation shall possess it, shall serve
God, or they-shall be swept off when the fulness of his
wrath shall come upon them.  And’ the fulness of his
