And if:came to:pass that the brother of Jared, (now
the number of the vessels which had been prepared,
was’ eight,) went forth unto the mount, which: they
ealled the mount Shelem, because of -its exceeding
height, and did moulten. out of a rock sixteen small
stones; and they were white and clear, even as trans-
parent glass; and he did carry them.in his hands upon
the top of the mount, and cried again unto the Lord,
saying, O Lord, thou hast said that we must be encom-
passed about by the floods. Now behold, O Lord, and
do not'be angry with thy servant because of his weak-
ness before thee; for we know that thou art holy, and
dwellest in the heavens; and that we are unworthy
before thes; because of’ the fall, our natures have be-
come evil continually; nevertheless, O Lord, thon
hast given us a commandment that we must call upon
thee, that from thee we may receive according to our
desires. Behold, O Lord, thou hast smitten us because
of our iniquity, and hath driven us forth, and for this
many years we have been in the wilderness; never-
theless; thou hast been merciful unto us, O Lord,
look upon me ia pity, and turn away thine anger from
this thy peeple, and suffer not that they shall go forth
across this raging deep in darkness, but:behold these
things which  have moulten out of the rock. Andd
know, O (Lord, that thou bast all power, and can do
whatsoever thou wilt for the benefitjof man; therefore
touch these stones, O Lord; with thy finger, and pre-
pare them that they may shine forth in darkness; and
they shall shine forth unto.us in the vessels which we
have prepared, that we may’have light while we shall
eross the sea. Behold, O Lord, thou canst do. this.
We know that thou art able to shew forth great: pow-
et, which looks small unto the understanding of men.
And it came to- pass that when-the brother of Jared
had said these words, behold, the Lord stretched forth
his hand and touched the stones, one by one, with his
finger; and the vail was taken from off the eyes of the
brotherof Jared, and he saw the finger of the Lord;
and it was as the finger of a man, like unto flesh and
blood; and the brother of Jared fell down before the
Uord, for he was'struck with fear. And:the Lord saw
that the. brother of Jared had fallen to the earth; and
the Lord said unto him, arise, why hast thou fallen?
And. heysaith unto the Lord, I saw the. finger of the
Lord, and I feared lest he should smite me;: for L knew
not that the Lord had flesh and blood... And’ the Lord
