said unto’ him, . because of. thy faith’ thou hast. seen
that.I shall take upon me flesh and. blood; and never
has man come before me with such exceeding faith as
thou. hast; for were it not so, ye could not have seen
my finger. Sawest thou nore than this? And he
answered, nay, Lord, shew thyself unto me. And
the Lord said unto him, believest thou the words
which I shall speak? And he answered, yea, Lord, I
know that thou speakest the truth, forthou art a God
of truth, and canst not lie. And when he had said
these words, behold, the Lord shewed himself unto
him, and said, because thou knowest these things, ye
are- redeemed from the fall; therefore ye are brought
back into my presence; therefore I shew myself unto
you. Behold, I am he who was prepared from the
foundation of the world to redeem my people. Behold,
Tam Jesus Christ.. Jam the Father and the Son..
In me shall all mankind have light, and that eternally,
even they who shall believe on’ my name; and they
shall become my sons and my daughters. And never
have I shewed myself unto man whom I have created,
for never has man believed in meas thou hast. Seest
thou that ye are created aftermine ownimage? Yea,
even all men were created in the beginning, after mine
own image... Behold, this body, which ye now behold,
is the body of my spirit; and man have I created after
the body of my spirit; and even as I appear. unto thee
to  in the spirit, will  appear unto my people in the
flesh. ; y
And now, as I Moroni, said I could not make a full
account of these things which are written, therefore it
. sufficeth me to say, that Jesus shewed himself unto
this man in the spirit, even after the manner and in
the likeness of the same body, even as he shewed him-
self unto the Nephites; and he ministered unto him,
even as he ministered unto the Nephites; and all this,
that this man, knew that he was God, because of the
many -great works which the Lord had shewed unto
~ him. And-because of the knowledge of this man, -he
could not be kept from beholding within the vail; and
he saw the finger of Jesus, which, when he saw, he
fell with fear; for he knew that it was the, finger
of the: Lord; andhe: had faith no:donger, - for he
knew, nothing doubting; wherefore;-having this per-
fect knowledge of. Gods he. could not be: kept: from
within the vail} therefore he saw: Jesus; and hedid
minister unto him... eal dei dst oh)
