 And it came to pass’ that the Lord said unto the
brother of Jared, behold, thou shalt not suffer these
things which ye have geen and heard, to go forth unto
the world, until the time- cometh that I shall glorify
my name in the flesh’; wherefore, ye shall treasure up
the things which ye. have seen and heard, and shew it
to’ no man. And behold, when ye shall come unto
me; ye shall write them and shall seal them up, that
no one can interpret them; for: ye shall write them in
alanguage that they cannot be read. And behold,
these two stones will I give unto thee, and ye shall
seal them up also, with the things which ye shall
write. For behold, the language which ye shall write,
[have confounded; wherefore I will cause in mine
own due time that these stones shall magnify to the
eyes of men, these things which ye shall write. And
when the Lord had said these words, he shewed unto
the brother of Jared all the inhabitants of the earth
which had been, and also all that would be; and he
withheld them not from his sight, even unto the ends
ofthe earth; for he had gaid unto him in times before,
that-if he would believe in him, that he could shew
unto him all things.it should be shewn unto him;
therefore the Lord could not withhold any thing from
him; for he knew that the Lord could shew him all
things. And the Lord said unto him, write these
things and seal them up, and I will shew them in mine
own due time unto the children of men.

And it came to pass that the Lord commanded him
that he should seal up the two stones which he had
received, and shew them not, until the Lord should
shew them unto the children of men. And the Lord
commanded the brother of Jared to go down out of
the mount from the presence of the Lord, and write
the things which he had seen; and they were forbid-
den to:;come unto the children of men, until after that
he should be lifted up upon the cross; and for this
cause did king Benjamin keep them, that they should
not come unto the world until atter Christ shouldshew
himself unto his people. And after Christ truly had
shewed himself unto his people, he commanded that
they should-be made manifest. And now, after that,
they have all dwindled in unbelief: and there is none,
save it. be'the Lamanites, andthey have rejected the
gospel of Christ; therefore Tam commanded that T
should: hide them up’again in’ the’ earth. Behold, I
have written upon these plates the very things which
