unbelief. Behold, when ye shall rend that vail’ of un-
belief which doth cause you to remain in your awful
state of wickedness and hardness of heart, and blind-
ness of mind, then shall the great and marvelous things
which have been hid up from the foundation of the
world from you; yea, when ye shall call upon the Fa-
ther in my name, with a broken heart and a contrite
spirit, then shall ye know that the Father hath remem -
bered the covenant which he made unto your fathers,
O house of Israel; and then shall my revelations which
I have caused to be wrilten by my servant John, be
unfolded in the eyes of all the people. Remember,
when ye see these things, ye shall know that the time
is at hand that they shall be made manifest in very
deed; therefore, when ye shall receive this record, ye
may know that the work of the Father has commenced
upon all the face of the land. Therefore, repent all
ye ends of the earth, and come unto me, and believe
in my gospel, and:bebaptized in my name; for he that
believeth, and'is baptized, shall be saved; but he that
believeth not, shall be damned; and signs shall follow
them that believe inmy name. And blessed is he that
is found faithful urito my name, at the last day, tor he
shall be lifted up to dwell in the kingdom ptepared for
him from the foundation of the world. And behold,
it is F thet hath spoken it. Amen: -

...



CHAPTER II.

_Ayp now I, Moroni, have written the words which
Were commanded me, according to my memory; and
Yhaye told you the things which I have sealed up;
therefore touch them not, inorder that ye may trans-
late; for that thing is forbidden'you, except by and by
it shall be wisdom in God. And behold, ye may be
privileged that ye may shew the plates unto those who
shall assist to bring forth this work; and unto three
shall they be shewn by the power of God; wherefore
> they shall know of a surety that thesethings are true.

And in the mouth of three witnesses: shall these things

be established; and the testimony of three, and this
, Work, in the' which shall be shewn forth the power of
