cp fe near the land which is called Desolation by
the Nephitds...And it came! to.pass that Kib dwelt in
captivity, and his people, under Coribor his son, until
hay became. exceeding, old; nevertheless Kib sbegat
Shule in his old age, while he was. yet in captivity.
And it eame;to pass. that Shule was angry with his
brother;-and Shule waxed strong, and became mighty,
as:'to {he strength of a man; and he was also mighty
in jadgment.  Wherefore he came to the hill Ephraim,
and:hedid moulten out ofthe hill, and made swords out
of steel: for thoge:whom he had drawn away with him;
and after he had armed them with swords, he return-
ed to the .city: Nehor and gave battle unto his brother
Corihor, by which-means he obtained the kingdom,
And-restoredit unto his father Kib, . And now because
of the thing which Shule had done, his father bestow- .
ed upon him the kingdom; therefore he began to reign
inthe stead of -his father. And it came. to pass that
he: did execute judgment in righteousness; and he did
spread his kingdom upon all the face of the land,.for
the:people had: become exceeding numerous. And it
came to pass that Shule also begat many sons. and
daughters. And Corihor repented of the many evils
which he:lad-done; wherefore Shule gave him power
in his kingdom. . And it came to pass that Corihor had
many sons and daughters. And. among the sons.of

Corihor there was one whose name was Noah.

And it came. to-pass that Neah rebelled against
Shule, the king, and also his father Corihor, and drew
away: Cohor his brother, and-also all his brethren and. .
many of the people. And he gave battle unto Shule,
the:king, in which he did obtain the land of their first
inheritance; and he became.a king over that part. of.
the land. Andit came to pass that he gave: battle
again unto Shule the :king; and he took Shule the
king; and carried him away captive into Moron. And
it:came to pass as hevwas about to put him to death,
the sens of Shule crept. into the house of Noah by
night and slew. him, and broke down the door of the
prisonand brought out their father, and, placed him
upon his throne in his own kingdom; wherefore the
son of Noah did build up his kingdom in. his stead; -
nevertheless they.did not gain power any more over
Shule the king: sand the people who. were under the
reigniof: Shule the king, did. prosper exceedingly and
Wax great., And the country was divided; and:thero
were: two kingdoms, the kingdom of Shule, and the
