red.. And it came-to, pass that they did give battle
unto him by night. And it came te pass that. when
they. had slain the army of Jared, they were about to
slay, him. also; and he plead with them that they
would not slay him, and he would give up the king-
dom unto his father. And it came to pass that they
did grant unto him his life. And now Jared became
exceeding sorrowful because of the loss of the king-
dom, for he had set his heart upon the kingdom, and
upon the. glory of the world. Now the daughter of
Jared being exceeding expert, and seeing the sorrows
of her father, thought to devise a plan whereby she
could.redeem.the kingdom unto her father. Now the
daughter of Jared was exceeding fair. And it came.to
pass that.she did talk with her father, and said unto
him, whereby bath my father so much sorrow? Hath
he not.read the record which our fathers brought across
the great deep? Belold, is there not an account con-
cerning them of old, that they by their secret plang did
obtain kingdoms and great glory? And-now therefore,
letamy father send for Akish, the'son of Kimnor; and
behold, [ am. fair, and I will dance before.him, and I
will please him, that he will desire me to wife; where-
fore if he shall. desire of thee that ye shall give unto
him me to wife, then shall ye say, I will give her if ye
will bring unto me the head of my father, the king..
And now Omer was a friend to Akish, wherefore when
Jared had sent for Akish, the daughter. of Jared danced
before him, that she pleased him, insomuch that he
desired her to wife. And it came to pass that he said
unto Jared, give her unto me to wife. And Jared said
unte’ him, I will give her unto you, if ye will bring
unto. me the head of my father, the king. And it
came. to pass that Akish gathered in unto the house of
Jared all his kinsfolks, and said unto them, will-ye
Swear unto me that ye will be faithful unto me in the
thing which I shall desire of you? And it came-to
pass. that they all sware unto him, by the God of heay-
en,.and also by the heavens, and also by the earth, and
by.their. heads, that whoso should vary from the assist-
ance, which. Akish desired, should lose his head; and
whogo. should divulge whatsoever thing Akish. made
known unto. them, fine same should lose his life. And
it-came to. pass that thus they did agree with Akish.
And: Akish did administer unto them the oaths which
were. given by. them,of..old, who also.sought power,
which had. been .handed. down even. from Cain; .who
