was murdered upon his throne, and Akish reigned in
his stead. And it came {o.pass that Akish began-to
be. jealous of his.son, therefore he shut him up in pris-
on, and kept him upon little or.no food, until he.had
suffered:death.. And now the brother, of him that suf
fered death, (and-his, name was Nimrah,) was angry
with his father, because.of that which his father had
done unto his brother. And it came to pass that Nim-
rah gathered together a small number of men, and fled
out of the land, and.came-over and dwelt with Omer,
And it came to pass that Akish begat other sons, and
they won the. hearts of the people, notwithstanding
they-had sworn unto him to do. all manner of iniquity,
according to that which he desired. Now. the people
of Akish were desirous for gain, even as Akish was
desirous for power; wherefore the sons of Akish did
offer them money, by which means they drew away
the more part of the people after them; and there be-
gan to be a war between the sons of Akish and Akish,
which lasted for the space of many years; yea, unto
the destruction of nearly all the people of the kingdom;
yea, even all, save it were. thirty soulsyand they who
fled with the house, of Omer; wherefore Omer was
restored again to the land of his inheritance. Andit
came to pass that Omer began to be old, nevertheless,
in his old. age he begat Emer; and he anointed Emer
to be king. to reign inhis stead. And after that he
had.anointed Emer to be. king, he. saw peace in the
land for. the. space of two years, and. he died, having
seen-exceeding many days, which were full of sorrow.
And it-came to. pass that Emer did reign in his stead,
and did fill the steps of his father. . And the Lord be-
gap again to take the curse from off. the land, and the
house of Emer did prosper exceedingly under the reign
of Emer; and.in the space of. sixty and two Years,
they had become exceeding strong, insomuch that they
became exceeding rich, having all manner of fruit, and
of gin and of silks, and of fine linen, and of gold,
and’ of silver, and of precious things, and also all man-
ner.of cattle, of:oxen, and cows, and of sheep, and of
swine, and of goats, and also many other kind of ani-
mals which. were useful for, the food. of man; and they
also had horses, and.asses, and there were elephants,
and.cureloms, and cumoms: all of which were useful
unto man, and more: especially the elephants, and cure-
loms; and:cumoms,,, And thus the Lord.did pour out

his blessings. upon. this land, which was. choice abore
