all other lands; and he commanded that whoso should
possess the land, should possess it unto’ the Lord, or
they, should be destroyed when: they were ripened-in’
iniquity; for upon such, saith the Loa, I will pour
out the fulness of my wrath. And Emer did execute
judgment in righteousness, all his days, and he begat
 many sons and daughters; and he begat Coriantum;
and he anointed Coriantum to reign in his stead. And
after he had anointed Coriantum to reign in his stead,
he lived four years, and he saw peace in the land; yea,
and he even saw the Son of righteousness, and did re-
joice and glory in his day; and he died'in peace. And
it came to pass that Coriantum did walk in the steps
of his father, and did build many mighty cities, and
did administer that which was:-good unto his people,
in all bis days. And it.came to pess that he had no
children, even until he was exceeding old. And it.
came to pass that his wife died, being an hundred and
two years old. And it came-to pass that Coriantum
took to. wife, in his old age, a young maid, and begat
sons and daughters; wherefore he lived until he was
an hundred and forty and two years old. And it came
to pass that. he begat Com, and Com reigned in his
stead; and he reigned forty and nine years, and: he
begat Heth; and he also begat other sons and daugh-.
ters; And the people-had spread again overall the
face of the land, and there began again to be an ex-.
ceeding great wickedness upon the face of the land,
and Heth began to embrace the secret plans again of
old, to destroy his father. And it came to pass that
he did dethrone his father; for he slew him with his
own sword; and he did reign in bis stead. And there
came prophets inthe hind again, crying repentance
unto’ them; that: they must prepare the: way of: the
Lord, or there should come a curse upon the face of
the land;. yea, even there should bea great famine, in
Which they should be destroyed, if they did not-re-
pent. But the people believed not the words of: the
prophets, but. they cast them out; and some of them
they .cast-into pits, and left them to perish. . And it
came to’ pass that they done all these things according
to the:conmandment of the king Heth. And it came.
to'paes that there began to bea great dearth upon the:
land, and the inhabitants began to be destroyed exceed-
ing’ fast, because of the dearth, for there was no rain
Upon the face of the earth; and there came forth’ pois-
Onons serpents also upon the faceof the land, and did:
