poison many: people And:it-came :to pags.that:their
flocks began to flee bofore the poisonous.serpents,.to-
wards ithe land-southward, which: was -called- by) the
Nephites; Zarahemla.: And. it came to pass that there
were manyiofithem which did perish by the'way; ney-
ertheless, there were'.some.which. fied-into :the land
southward.; And it-came to pass that. the Lord. did
cause the:serpents that they should: pursue. them no
more, but that they should'!hedge up the way, that the
people couldnot pass; that whoso should attempt to
pass, might fall by the poisonous serpents. And it
came to pass that the people did follow the course.of
the beasts, and did devour the: carcasses of them which
fell:by. the way, untilthey had devoured them all..
Now when the people ww. that they must perish, they
began to repent of their iniquities, and cry unto the
Lord. . And it came ss that when they had hum-
bled themselves sufficiently before the Lord, he did
send rdin upon the face.of the earth, and the people
began to. revive again, and there began to be fruit in
the north countries, and in all. the. countries. round
about, And the Lord did shew forth his power unto
them, in preserving them from famine. And.it came
fo-pass that Shez, who was:a descendant of Heth, for
' Heth had:perished by the famine, dnd all -his: house-
hold, save it .were’ Shea; wheretore: Shez- began. to
build up again a broken people. And it came to pass
that Shez did remember the destruction of his fathers,
and -he did build up a righteous kingdom, for he re-
membered what the Lord had. done in bringing Jared
and his brother across the deep; and he did walk inthe
ways of the Lord, and he begatisons anddaughters..
And his eldest:.son, whose name was Shez,.did rebel
against him; nevertheless,. Shez was smitten by the
hand of a robber, beeause of his exceeding. riches,
which: brought peace again unto his father. And it
came to pass that his father did build up many. cities
upon the face of the land, and:the people began again
to-spread over all the face of the land.  And Shez did
live.to.an exceeding-old:age; and he begat Riplakish,
and he. died... And Riplakish reigned: in his stead..
And it came: to pass’ that Riplakish did not do that
which: was right in the of the Lord, for he did
have: many. wives an pend did-lay that-up-
on men’s shoulders \ -be borne;
yea, heidid tax:th
taxes;he did. build many spa

  
   
  

   
  

  
   
 
 

  
 
 

 
