 

two years. And he did make war against the king of
the land, by which he did obtain’ unto himself the
kingdom. And after he had obtained unto himself the
kingdom, he did that which was right'in the sight of
the Lord; and the people did prosper in the land, and
he did live to a good old age, and begat sons and
daughters; and he also begat Corom, whom he anoint-
ed.king in his stead. And it came to pass that Corom
did that which was good in the sight of the Lord, all
his days; and he begat many sons and daughters; and
atter head seen many days, .he did pass away, even
like unto the rest of the earth; and Kish reigned in his
stead. And it came to pass that Kish passed away
also, and Lib reigned in’ bis:stead. And it came to
pass that Lib also..did lich was good.in. the
sight of the:-Lord. An days of Lib the poison-
ous serpents . weredestr wherefore they did go
into the land southward, to hunt food for the people
of the land; for the land was covered with animals of
the: forest, And Lib .also himself became a great
hunter. And. they built.a great city by the narrow
neck of Jand, by the place: where the -sea divides the
land. And, they did preserve the land southward for
a wilderness, to get game. And the whole face of the
land northward was:ecovered with inhabitants; and
they were exceeding industrious, and they did buy and
sell, and traffic one with another, that they'might get
gain. And they did work in all manner of: ore, and
they did make gold, and silver, and iron, and brass,
and all manner of metals; and they did dig it out of
the earth; wherefore they did cast. up mighty heaps
of earth to get ore, of gold, and of silver, and of iron,
and:of copper. And they did work all manner of fine
work.’ And they did have silks, and fine twined linen;
and they did work all manner of cloth, that they:might
clothe themselves from their nakedness.’ And they
did make all manner of tools to till the earth, both to
plough and to sow, to reap and to hoe, and also to
thrash. And they did makejall manner of tools with
which they didwork their beasts. And they did make
all manner of weapons of war:: And they did work all
manner of work: of exeeedirip curious’ workmanship.
And never could bea people more blessed' than: were.
they; and more’ prospered. e hand. of the Lord..
And they were in a la vas: choice: above all
lands, for: the’ Liord had spoken it,’ And it came to
pass that Lib did'live many. years, and’ begat sons and

 
  
   
  

 

    

 

 

 
