daughters; and he also begat Hearthom. Andit came
to pags.that Hearthom reigned in. the stead of his fa-
ther... And when Hearthom had reigned twenty and
four years, behold the kingdom was taken away from
him. And.he served many years in captivity; yea,
even all. the remainder of his days. And he begat
Heth, and Heth lived in captivity all his days. .And
Heth begat Aaron, and Aaron dwelt in captivity all
his days; and he begat Amnigaddah, and Amnigaddah
also dwelt in captivity all his days; and he begat Co-
riantum, and Coriantum dwelt in captivity dll his
days; and he begat Com. And it came, to pass that
Com:drew away the half of the kingdom. And he
reigned over. the. balf of. the kingdom forty and two
years; and he went to battle against the king. Amgid,
and: they. fonght. for. the space of many years, during
which time Com gained pewer over Amgid, and ob-
tained power over the remainder of the kingdom. And
in the.days of Com there began. to be robbers in the
land; and they adopted the old plans, and administer-
ed oaths after the manner of the ancients, and sought
again to.destroy-.the kingdom. , Now Com did fight
against them much; nevertheless, he did not prevail

inat them... And. there came also in the days of
7om many prophets, and prophesied of the destruc-
tion of that great people, except. they should repent
and turn unto the Lord, and forsake their murders and
wickedneys,

And it came to pass that the prophets were rejeted
by the people, and they fled unto Com for protection,
for the people sought to destroy them; and they pro-
phesied unto Com many things; and he was blessed
inali.the remainder of his days. And he lived toa
good old age, and begat Shiblom;. and Shiblom reigned
in. his stead.. And the brother of Shiblom rebelled
against him; and there began to be an exceeding great
Warinalltheland. © .

And it came to. pass that the brother of Shiblom
caused that all the prophets. who prophesied of the
destruction of the people, should be put to death; and
there. was great calamity in all the land, for they
had testified that a greater curse should come upon
. the land, and also upon the people, and that there

should be a great destruction among them, such an
ne,aa.never had been upon the face of the earth; and
their bones should become as heaps of earth upon the
face of the land, except they should repent of their

    
 
