self unto them, until after they had faith in him;
wherefore it must, needs be that some had faith in him,
for he shewed himself not unto the world. But be-
cause of the faith of men, he has shewn himself unto
the world, and glorified the name of the Father, and
prepared a way that thereby others might be partakers
of the heavenly gift, that they might hope for those
things which they have not seen; wherefore ye may
also have hope, and be partakers of the gift, if ye will
but have faith. Behold,-it was by faith that they ot
old: were called after the hdly order of God; wherefore,
by faith, was the law of Moses given. But im the gift
of his Son, hath. God prepared,a-more excellent way;
and it is by faith that it hath been fulfilled; forif there
be no faith among the children of men, God can do no
iniracle among them; wherefore he shewed not nimself
until after their faith. Behold, it was the faith of Al-:
ma and Amulek that caused the prison to tumble to
the earth. Behold, it was'the faith of Nephi and Le-
hi, that wrought the change upon the Lamanites, that
they were baptized with fire and with the Holy Ghost.
Behold, it was the faith of Ammon and his brethren,
which wrought so great amiracle among the Laman-
ites; yea, and even all they-who wrought miracles,
wrought them by. faith, even those who were’ before
Christ, and'algo them who wore after. And it was by
faith that the three disciples obtained a promise that
they should not taste of death; and they obtained not
the promise until after their faith. And neither,at any
time hath/any wrought miracles until after their faith;
wherefore they first:believed in the Son of God, And
there were fnany whose faith wasso exceeding strong
even before Christ came who could not be kept from
within, the veil, but truly saw with their eyes the
things which they had beheld with an eye of faith, and
they were glad. And behold, we have seen in this
record, that one of these was the brother of Jared; for
so great was his faith in God, that when God put
forth his finger, he could not hide it from the sight of
the brother of Jared, because of his word’which he had
spoken unto him, which word he had obtained by faith.
And after the brotherof Jared had heheld the finger
of the Lord, because of the promise which the broth- -
er of Jared had obtained by faith, the Lord could
not withhold any thing from his sight;. wherefore
he shewed: him all things, for he could no’ longer be
kept without the veil. And: it is by faith that my fa-
