thers have obtained the promise that these things
should come unto their brethren through the Gentiles;
therefore the Lord hath commanded: me, yea, even
Jesus Christ. .And I said unto him, Lord, the Gen-
tiles will mock at tliese things, because of our weak-
nessin writing; for Lord; thou hast made us mighty
in word by faith, but thou hast not made us mighty in
writing; for thou hast made all this people that the

could speak much, because of the Holy Ghost whic

theu hast given them; and thou hast made us that we
could write but little, because of the awkwardness of
our hands. Behold, thou bast not made us mighty in
writing like unto the brother of Jared, for thou madest
him that the things which he wrote, were mighty even
as thou art, unto the overpowering of man to read
them. Thou hast-also made our words powerful and
great, even that we cannot write them; wherefore,
when we write, we behold our weakness, and stumble
because of the placing of our words; and I fear lest the
Gentiles shall mock at our words. And when I had
said this, the Lord spake unto me, saying, fools mock,
but they shall mourn; and my grace is sufficient for
the meek, that they shall take no advantage of your
weakness; and if men come unto me, ] will shew unto
them their weakness. I give unto men weakness, that
they may be humble; and my grace is. sufficient for
all men that humble themselves before me; for if they
humble themselves. before me, and have faith in me,
then will I make weak things become strong unto
them.. Behold; I will shew unto the Gentiles their
weakness, and I will shew unto them that faith, hope,
and charity, bringeth unto me the fountain of all
righteousness. And I, Moroni, having heard these
words, was comforted, and said, O Lord, thy right-
eous will be done, for I know that thou workest unto
the children of men according to their faith; for the
brother’of- Jared said-unto the mountain Zerin, remove,
and it was removed. And if he had not had faith, it
would not have moved; wherefore thou workest after
men have faith; for thus did thou manifest thyself unto
thy disciples. For after they had faith, and did speak
in thy name, thou didst shew thyself unto them in
great power; and I also remember that thou hast said
that thou hast prepared. a house for man; yea, even
among the mansions of thy Father, in which man
might: have .a; more excellent hope; wherefore.:man
must hope, or! he.cannot receive an inheritance’in the
