place which thow hast prepared, And again l remem-
ber that thow hast said that’ thou hast loved the world,
even unto thelaying down of thy life for the world,
that thot mightest, take it again to prepare a place for
the children of men. And now T know that this love
which thou hast hat for the children of men, is chari-
ty; wherefore, except’ men shall haye charity,’ they
cannot inherit that place which thou hast repared in
the mansions of thy fatiier. - Wherefore, I know by
. this. thing which thou hast said, that if the Gentiles
have not charity, because of our weakness, that thou
wilt prove them, and take away their talent, yea, even
that:which they lave received, and give-tmto them
who shall have more abundant] ys > i@

And it came to pass that I prayed. unto’ the Lord
that he would give unto the’Gentiles: grace, that they
might have charity. . And it came’ to pass that the
Lord said unto me, if they have not charity, it matter:
eth’ not unto thee; thou'hast been faithful; wherefore
thy garments shall be-made clean. And because thou
hast seen thy weakneess, thou: shalt be'made strong,
ven unto the sitting down in’the'place which I have

repared in the mansions 6f my Father. . And now’,
Moroni: bid farewell: urito'the Gentiles, yea, and : also
unto my brethren whom I love, until we shall meet
before the’ judgment seat of Christ, where all men
shall know thatmy garments are not’ spotted with

our blood;: and then shall ye know’ that [ have seen

esus, and! that he hath talked: with:me face to face,
and:that he told me in - plain’ humility, even as a man
telleth another in mine own: language, concerning
these things; and only a few have  written,. becanse
of my weakness in writing. And now I: would com-
mend: you to seek this Jesus of whom the’ prophets
and apostles have. written; that the grace of God the
Father, and also the Lord Jesus’ Christ, and the Holy
Ghost, which: beateth: record of them, may’ be, and
abide in you forever. Amen:

CHAPTER Vi,

Aw tiow I, Moroni, proceed to finish my’ record
concerning’ the:destractiom: of: the: people: af’. whom:t
