their father Abraham. And when these things,come,
bringeth to.pass the soripture which saith, there are
they who were first, who shall be last; and there are
they who were last, who shall be first. ©

And I was about to write more, but I am forbidden;
but great and marvelous were the prophecies of Ether,
but wey esteemed him as-nought, and cast him out,
and he hid himself in the cavity of a rock by day, and
by night he went forth viewing the things which
should come upon the people. And as he dwelt in
the oavity of a rock, he made the remainder of this
record, viewing the deetructions which came upon, the
people by night. And it came to pass that in- that
same year which he was cast out from among the
people, there began to be a great war among the peo-
ple, for there were many who rose up who were
mighty men, and sought to destroy Coriantumr by
their secret plans of wickedness, of which. hath been
spoken. And now Coriantumr, having studied him-
self in all the arts of war, and all the cunning of the
world, wherefore he gave battle unto them who sought
to destroy him; but he repented not, neither his fair
sons nor daughters; neither the fair sons and daugh-
ters of Cohor; neither the fair sons and daughters of
Corihor; and in fine, there was none of the fair sons
and daughters upon the face of the whole earth, who
repented of their sins: wherefore it came to pass that
in the first year that Ether dwelt in the cavity of a
rock, there was many people who were slain’ by. the
sword of those secret’ combinations fighting against
Coriantumr, that they might obtain the kingdom..
And. it came to pass that the sons of Coriantumr
fought much, and bled much. ' And. in the second
year, the word of the Lord came to Ether, that he
should go and prophesy unto. Coriantumr, that if he
would repent, and all his household, the Lord would
give unto him. bis kingdom, and spare’ the people,
otherwise they should be.destroyed, and all his house-
hold, save it were himself, and le should’ only live.to
see'the fulfilling of the prophecies which had. been
spoken: concerning another people receiving the land
for their-inheritance;-:and Coriantumr should receive 4
burialby:them; :and .every soul should be destroyed
save it were Coriantumr... And it: came.,to, pass that
Coriantamr. repented not, neither -his -household, :nei-
ther the people; and the: wars ceased not; and they
~~ govght te kill Ether, but he fled from: before them,

4

 
