and:hid again in the cavity.ofthe rock. And it came
to pass that there arose up Shared, and-he also gave
battle unto Coriantumr; and he did beat: him, inso-
much that in the third year-he did bring him. into cap-
tivity. And the sons of Coriantumr, in the fourth
year, did beat Shared, and did obtain the- kingdom
again unto their father. Now there began to be a war
upon all the face of the land, every man with his
band, fighting for that which he desired. And: there
were robbers, and in fine, all manner of wickedness
upon’ all the face of the land. And it came td pass
that Coriantumr was exceeeding- angry with Shared,
and he went against, him with his armies, to. battle;
and.they did meet in great anger; and they-did meet
in'the valley of Gilgal; and the battle became exceed-
ing’sore.. And it came to pass that’ Shared’ fought
against him for the space of three days. And it came
to pass that Coriantumr beat him, and did pursue him
until-he came to the plains of Heshlon. And it came
to pass that Shared gave him battle again upon the
plains; and behold, he did beat Coriantumr, and drove
him: back: agate to-the valley of Gilgal. -And Corian-
tumr'gaveShared battle again in the valley of Gilgal,
in which he beat Shared, and slew him. -And Shared
wounded Coriantumr, in his thigh, that he did not
go to battle again for the space of two years, in which
time all the people upon all the face of the land were
shedding blood, and there was none. to restrain them.
And now there began to bea great eurse upon all the
land, because’ of the iniquity of the people, in which,
ifa man should lay his tool or his sword upon his
shelf, or upon the place whither he-would keep it, and
behold, upon the inorrow, he could not find it, so great
was the curse upon the land, Wherefore every man did
cleave unto.that which. was-his own, with. his hands,
and: would not borrow, neither would he lend: and
every man kept the hilt of his sword thereof, in his
right-hand, in the defence of his property and his own
life;-and’of his wives and children. And now after
the'spaee of two years, and’ after the death of Shared,
behold, there arose the brother of Shared, and'he gave
battle anto Coriantumr, in which Coriantumr did beat
him, and did pursue him to the. wilderness: of’ Akish.
And it came to pass that the brother of Shared did
give battle unto’ him in the wilderness of Akish; and
the. battle became exceeding sore, and many’ thou-
sands fell by the sword: And it oame to pass’ that
