Coriantumr did lay siege to the wilderness, and the
-brother of Shared did march forth out of the wilder-
ness by night, and slew a part of the army of Corian-
tumr, as they were drunken. And he came forth
to the Jand. of Moron, and placed himself upon. the
throne of; Coriantumr. . And it came to pass that Co-
riantumr dwelt with his army in the wilderness, for
the space of two years, in which he did’ receive great
strength to his army. Now the brother of Shared,
whose name was Gilead, also received ,great strength
to his army, because of secret combinations. And it
eame to pass that his high priest murdered him as he
satuponhis throne. And it came to pass that one.of the
secret combinations,murdered him. in a secret pass, and
obtained unto himself the kingdom; and his name was
Lib; and Lib was.a man of great stature, more than
any other man among all the people. And it came'to
pass that in the first year of Lib, Coriantumr came up
unto the land of Moron, and gave battle unto Lib.
And. it came to pass that he fought with Lib, in-which
Lib did smite upon his arm. that he was wounded;
-neyertheless, the army of Coriantymr. did _press
forward upon Lib, that he fled to the borders up-
on the seashore. . And it came to. pass that Co-
riantumr pursued him; and. Lib gave battle unto him
upon the seashore. -And it came to pass that Lib
did smite the army of Coriantumr, that they fled again
to the wildernes of Akish. And it came to pass that
Lib did pursue him until he came to the plains of
Agosh. And Coriantumr had taken all. the. people
with him, as he fled before Lib, in that quarter.of the
Jand whither he fled. And when he had come to the
plains of Aposh, he gave battle unto Lib, and he
smote upon him until he died; nevertheless, the:broth-
er.of Lib did come against Coriantumr in the stead
thereof, and the battle became.exceeding. sore, in the
which Coriantumr fled again before the army of the
brother of Lib, Now the name-of the brother of Lib
wasealled Shiz. And. it came to.pass that Shiz pur-
sued afler Coriantumr, and he did. overthrow many
cities, and. he did.slay both women and children, and
he did burn the cities thereof; and.there went a fear
of Shiz throughout all the land; yea,.a cry went forth
throughout the land, who cam stand. before the army
of Shiz?: Behold, he sweepeth. the earth before him!
And it .came 1o pass that the people began to flock to-
gether in armies, throughout all the face of the Jand.
