And. they were divided, and a part of them fled to the
army of Shiz, and. a part of them fled to the army of
Coriantumr. And so great and lasting had been the
war, and so long had been the scene of bloodshed and
carnage, that the whole face of the land was covered
with the bodies of the dead; and so swift.and speed

was the war, that there was none left to bury the dead,
but:they did march forth from the shedding of blood,
to the shedding of blood, leaving the hodies of both
men, women and children, strewed upon, the face of
the land, to become a prey to the worms of the flesh;
and the scent thereof went forth upon the face of the
land, even upon all the face of the land; wherefore
the people became troubled by day and by night, be-
cause of the scent thereof; nevertheless, Shiz did not
ease to pursue Coriantumr, for he had sworn to
avenge himself upon Coriantumr of the blood of his
-brother, who had been slain, and the word of the Lord
which came to Ether, that Coriantamr should not falk
by the sword. And thus we see that the Lord did
visit them in the fulness of his wrath, and their- wick-
edness and abominations, had prepared away for their
everlasting destruction. - And it came to pass that
Shiz did pursue Coriantumr eastward,-eyen to the
borders of the seashore, and there he gave battle unto
Shiz for the space of three days; and so terrible was
the destruction among the armies of Shiz, that the
people began. to be frightened, and began to flee be-
fore the armies of Coriantumr; and they fled to the
Jand of Corihor, and swept off the inhabitants. before
them, all they that would not join them; and they
pitched their tents in the valley of Corihor. And
Coriantumr pitched his tents in the valley of Shurr.
Now the valley of Shurr was near the hill Comnor;
wherefore. Coriantumr did gather his armies together,
upon the hill Comnor, and did sound a trumpet unto
the armies of Shiz, to invite them forth to battle.
And it came to pass that they came forth, but were
driven again; and they eame the second time; and
they were driven again the second time. _And it came
to pass that they came again the third time, and the
battle became exceeding sore. And it came to pass
that Shiz.smote upon Coriantumr, that he gave him
many deep wounds. . Aad Coriantumr haying lost his
blood, fainted, and was carried away as though he
were dead. . Now: the loss.of men, women and: child~
