ren, on both sides, was'so great that Shiz’ command-
ed his people that they should:-not: pursue the armies
of Coriantumr;' wherefore they returned to their
camp. : :
And it came to pass, when Coriantumr had. recover.
ed of his wounds, he began to remember the words
which Ether had spoken unto him; he saw that there
had been slain by the sword: already nearly two mill-
ions of his people, and he began: to-sorrow in his
heart; yea, there had been slain two millions of migh-
ty men, and also their wives and their-children. He
began to repent of the evil which he had done; he be-
toxremember the words which had been: spoken
by the mouth ofall the. prophets, and he saw them
that they were fulfilled, thus far, every whit: and his
soul: mourned, and refused to be comforted.’ And it
eame to pass that he wrote an epistle unto: Shiz, de.
siring him that he: would spare the people,. and he
would give up the kingdom for the sake of the lives of
the people, And:it came to pass that when Shiz: had
received: his:epistle, he wrote-anespistle:unto Corian-
tun, thatdf: he-would give himself up, that-he might
slay him with his own sword, that he wouldspare the
lives of the:people. And it came to pass that the peo-
ple repented not of their iniquity; and the peopleof
Coriantumr were'stirred up to'anger against the peo-
ple of Shiz;'and the people of Shiz were stirred up to
-anger against the people of Coriantamr; wherefore
the people of Shiz did give battle unto the people of
Coriantumr. . And: when Coriantumr:saw that he was
about 'to fall; he fled again before the people of Shiz.
And it came to: pass that he came to the waters of
-Riplianeum, which, by interpretation, is large, orto ex-
ceed-all; wherefore, when they came to these waters,
they pitched their tents; and: Shiz also’ pitched his
tents near unto them; and: therefore on the morrow,
-they did come to battle.. And:it. came to pass that
they fought an exceeding sore battle, in which Corian-
tumr was wounded again, and:He fainted with the loss
of-blood. . And:it came to: pass :that the armies of Co-
riantumr did press upon the armies: of Shiz, that:-they
beat them,-that they, caused them: torflee before them;
and they did flee:southward; and did pitch their tents
<in.a-place which was:called Ogathy And it came to
pass that the army:of Coriantumr did pitch their tents
- by the hill Ramah; anditowas:that same hill: where
my father Mormon did hide up the records unto the
