Lord, which were. saered;., And..it.came to pass that
they did gather together all, the people, upon all the
iace.of the Jand, who had. not. been slain, save it was
Ether. ..And it came to pass that Ether did behold’all
the doings of the people; and he beheld that the peo-
ple:who were for Coriantumr, were gathered together
to.the army of Coriantumz; and the people who. were
for Shiz, were gathered together to the army. of Shiz;
wherefore they were for the space of four years, gath-
ering together the people, that they might get all who
were upon the face of the land, and that.they. might
receive;all the strength which it was. possible: that
they could receive. And. it came to pass that when
they were all. gathered: together, every one to the ar-
my which .he would, with their wives, and their child-
ren; both men, women.and children being armed with
weapons of war, having shields, and breast-plates,
and head-plates, and being clothed after the manner
of war, they. did march forth one against another, to
battle; and tiey fought all that day, and. conquered
not.,,..And it,ame to pass that when it was night
theywere weary; and retired to their camps; and af-
ter they had retired to their camps, they took up.a
howling and.a lamentation for the loss of the slain of
their people; .and so great were theircries, their howl-
ings and lamentations; that.it did rend the air exceed-
ingly... And it came to.pass that on the morrow they
did .go again to battle, and great and terrible was that
day; nevertheless they conquered not, and when the
night came,again, they did rend, the air with.their
series, and. their howlings, and their mournings, for
the loss of the slain.of their people. i MS
And. it;came to pass..that Coriantumr. wrote again

anepistle-unto Shiz, desiring that he would not come
again.to battle, but. that he would take the kingdom,
and spare the. lives of the people... But behold, the
spirit of the Lord .had ceased striving with them, and
satan:had full.power over the hearts.of the people, for
they .were given up unto the hardness of  their-hearts,
and the blindness of their minds, that they might be
destroyed; wherefore they went again to battle. And
it came.to’ pass: that they fought ali that day, and
when the night came they slept upon their swords;
and on the morrow they fought even until the night
came; and when the night came they were drunken
with anger, even as a man who is drunken with wine;
and they slept again upon their swords; and on the
