morrow they fought again; and when the night came
they had all fallen by the sword, save it were fifty and
two of the people’of Coriantumr, and sixty and nine
of the people of Shiz. And it came to pass that they
glept upon their swords that night, and on the mor-
row they fought again, and they contended in their
mights with their swords, and with their shields, all
that day; and when the night came there were thirty
and two of the peopleof Shiz, and twenty and seven
of the people of Coriantumr. And it came to pass
that they ate and slept, and prepared for death on the
morrow. And they were large and mighty men, as
to the strength of men. .And it came to pass that
they fought for: the space of three hours, and they
fainted with the loss of blood. And. it came to pass
that when the men of Coriantumr had received suffi-
cient strength, that they could walk, they were about
to-fiee for their lives, but behold, Shiz arose, and also
his men, and he swore in his: wrath that be. would
slay Coriantumr,’ or he would perish by the sword;
wherefore he did - pursue them, and onthe morrow he
did overtake them; ' and they fought again with the
sword. And it came to pass that when they had all
fallen by the sword, save it were Coriantumr and_
Shiz, behold, Shizhad. fainted with loss of blood..
And it came to pass that when Coriantumr had lean-
ed upon his sword, that he rested a little, he smote off
the head of Shiz. And it came to pass that afler he
had smote'off'the head of Shiz, that Shiz-raised upon
his hands and fell; and after that he had struggled for
breath, he died. And it came to pass that Corian-
tumr fell to the earth, and became as if he had no
life. And the Lord spake unto Ether, and said unto
him, go forth... And he went forth; and beheld that
the words of the Lord: had all been fulfilled; and -he
finished: his record; (and the hundredth part I have
not wriften,) and: he hid them ina manner that. the
people of Limhi did find them.” Now the last words
which sre written by Ether, are these, whether the
Lord will that I’bee translated; or that I suffer the will
ofthe Lord inthe flesh;:it:mattereth not, if itso’be
that I'am saved-in the kingdom of God. :Amens 
