ther, we ask thee, in the name of thy Son Jesus
Christ, to bless and sanctify this wine to the. souls of
all those who drink of it, that they may do it in re-
membrance of the blood of thy Son, which was shed
for them, that they may witness unto thee, O God
the Eternal Father, that they do always remember
him, that they may have _his spirit to be with them.
Amen.

.~.
CHAPTER VI.

Axnp now I speak concerning baptism.  Behold, el-
ders, priests, and. teachers. were baptized; and they
were-not baptized, save they brought forth fruit meet
that they were worthy of it; neither did. they receive
any unto baptism, save they came forth with a broken
heart and a contrite. spirit, and, witnessed unto the
church that they truly repented of all their sins, And
none were received unto baptism, save they took upon
them the name of Christ, having a determination to
gerve him to the end. And after they had been re-
ceived, unto baptism,.and were wrought upon and
cleansed by the power of the Holy Ghost, they were
numbered among the people of the church of Christ,
and their names were taken, that they might be. re-
membered and nourished by. the good word. of God, to
keep.them in the right way, to keep them continually

-weatebful. unto prayer, relying alone upon the merits

of Christ, who was the author and the finisher of their
faith, .And.the church did. meet together oft, to fast
and to.pray, and to speak one with another concern-
ing.the welfare of their souls; and they did meet to-

ther oft.to partake of bread and. wine,. in. remem-
ae of the Lord. Jesus; and they. were strict to ob-
serve that. there should be no iniquity among them;
and .whoso.was found to commit. iniquity, and three
witnesses of the church:did condemn them before the
elders; and if they repented not, and confessed not,
their names were blotted out, and. they were not num-
bered among the people.of Christ; but as oft as. they
repented, and .sought forgiveness, with real intent,
they-were forgiven. .And -their meetings were con-
ducted by the church, after the manner of the work-
