joiceth in thetruth, beareth all thinge,: believeth all
things, hopeth all things, endureth all things; where-
fore, my beloved brethren, if ye have not charity, ye
are nothing, for charity: never. faileth.; Wherefore,
cleave unto charity, which isthe greatest of all, for all
things must fail; but charity is the pure love of Christ
and it endureth forever; and whoso is found possessed
of it at the last day, it shall be well with them.
Wherefore, my beloved. brethren, pray unto the Father
with all the energy of heart, that ye may be filled with
this love which he hath bestowed upon all who are
true followers of his Son Jesus Chriat, that ye may be-
come the sons of God, that when he shall appear, we
shall be like him; for we shall-see him as he is, that
we may have this hope, that we may be purified even
ashe is pure. Amen.

CHAPTER VIII.

An epistle of my father Mormon, written to me Mo-
roni; and it was written unto me soon after my call-
ing to the ministry. And on this wise did he write
unto me, saying, my belovedson Moroni, [ rejoice ex-
ceedingly that your Lord Jesus Christ hath been mind-
ful of you, and hath called you to his ministry, and to
his holy work. Iam mindful. of you always in my
prayers, continually praying unto God the Father in
the name of his holy Sian that he, through his
infinite goodness and grace, will keep you through the
endurance of faith on his name to the end. 4
 And now my son I speak unto you concerning that
which grieveth me exceedingly; for it: grieveth: me
that there should disputations rise. among you.  For if
Thave-learned the truth, there has been: disputations
among you \oncerning the:baptism. of your little chil-
dren, And now. my son, 1 desire that ye should labor
diligently, that: this gross error should be removed
fromamong you; for, for this intent I lave written
this. epistle.. For immediately. after I  had learned
__ these things of you, inquired of the Lord concerning

the matter.’ And the. word of ;the Lord. came to me
by the power-of the Holy Ghost, aging inten tothe
words of Christ, :your' Redeemer, your Lord and your
