God. Behold, I came into the world not to call the
righteous, but sinners to repentance; the whole need
no physician, but they that-are sick; wherefore little
children are whole, for they.are not capable of commit
ting sin; wherefore the curse of Adam is taken from
them in me, that it hath no power over them; and the
law of circumcision is done away in me, And after
this manner did the Holy Ghost manifest the word of
God unto me; wherefore my beloved son, I know that
itis solemn mockery before God, that ye should bap-
tize little children. Behold Lsay unto you, that this
thing shall ye teach, repentance and baptism unto
those who are accountable and capable of committing
sin; yea, teach parents that they must repent and be
baptized, and humble themselves as their little children,
and they shall all be saved with their little children;
and their little children need no repentance, neither
baptism. Behold, baptism is unto repentance to the
fulfilling the commandments unto the remission of
sins. But little children are alive in Christ, even
from the foundation of the world; if not so, God isa
partial God, and also'a changable God, and a respect-
er to persons; for how many little children have died
without baptism. Wherefore, if little children couid
not be saved without baptism, these must have gone
to an endless hell. Behold: I say unto you, that’ he
that supposeth that little children need baptism, is in
the gall of bitterness, and in the bonds of iniquity; for ~
he hath neither faith, hope, nor charity; wherefore,
should he be cut off while in the thought, he must go
down (o-hell. For awful is the wickedness to suppose
that God saveth one child because of baptism, and the
other must perish because he hath no baptism. Wo
be unto him that shall pervert the ways of the Lord af-
ter this manner, for they shall perish, except they re-
pent. Behold, I speak with boldness, having authori-
ty from God; and I fear not what man can do;. for
perfect love casteth out all fear;. and I am filled. with
charity, which is. everlasting: love; wherefore all chil-
dren arealike unto me; wherefore I love little children
with: a perfect.love;.and they are all alike, and parta-
kers of salvation... For I.know that. God.is:not a par-
tial God, neithera changable being; but he is unchang-
able from all eternity to alleternity. Little children
cannot repent; wherefore itis awful wickedness to .
deny the pure mercies of God unto them, for they are
all alive in -him because of his mercy. And he that
