CHAPTER IX,
The second cpistle of Mormon to his.son Moroni.

My beloved son, I write unto you again, that-ye
may know that I am yet alive; but  write somewhat
that which is grievous. For behold, I have had asore
battle with the Lamanites, in which we did -not.con-
quer; and Archeantus has fallen by the sword, and al-
so;Luramand Emron; yea, and we have lost agreat
number of our. choice men..And now behold, my son,
I fear lest the Lamanites shall destroy this people, for
they de not repent, and satan stirreth them up contin-
ually to anger, one with another... Behold, 1 am la-
boring with them continually; and when I speak. the
word of God with. sharpness, they tremble and anger
against me; and when Luse no sharpness, they har-
den. their hearts. against it; wherefore 1 fear lest the
spirit of the Lord hath ceased striving with them.. For
so exceedingly do they anger, that it seemeth me that
they have no fear of death; and they have lost their
love, one towards another; and.they thirst after blood
and revenge continually... And now my beloved-son,
notwithstanding their hardness, let us labor diligently;
for if we should cease to labor, we should be brought
under condemnation; fer we have aabor to perform
whilst.in this tabernacle of clay, that we may conquer
the enemy of all righteousness, and rest our souls in
the kingdom of God.

And now I write somewhat concerning the suffer-
ings or this people. For according to the knowledge
which. I have received from Amoron, behold, the La-
manites have many prisoners, which they took from
the tower of Sherrizah; and there were men, women
and’children.. And the husbands and fathers of those
women and. children they have slain; and. they. feed
the women. upon : the flesh of their husbands,..and the
children upon the flesh of their fathers; and no water,
save a little, do they give unto them. And notwith-

standing :this:great abomination of the Lamanites, it
doth not-exceed that.of our people.in Moriantum,. For
behold, many of the daughters of the Lamuanites have
they taken prisoners; and after depriving them of that
which was most dear and precious above all things,
which is chastity and virtue; and after they had done
this thing; they did murder them ina most.cruel man-
ner, torturing their bodies even unto death; and after,

 Pee
tye JOAN

 
