over unto the Lamanites, and many more will also
dissent over unto them; wherefore, write somewhat a
few things, if thou art spared; and I shall perish and
not see thee; but I trust that [ may see thee soon; for
I have sacred records that I would deliver up unto
thee. My son, be taithful in Christ; and may not the
things which I have written, grieve thee, to weigh
thee down unto death, but may Christ lift thee up,
and may his sufferings and death, and the shewing his
body unto our fathers, and his mercy and long suffer-
ing, and the hope of his glory and of eternal lif, rest
in your mind forever. And may the grace of God the
Father, whose throne is high in the heavens, and our
Lord Jesus Christ, who sitteth on the right hand of
his power, until all things shall become subject unto
him, be, and abide with you forever. Amen.

...

CHAPTER X.

Now I, Moroni, write somewhat as seemeth me
good; and I'write unto my brethren, the Lamanites;
and I would that they should know that more than
four hundred and twenty years have passed away,
since the sign was given of the coming of Christ..
And I seal up these records, after I have spoken a few
words by way of exhortation unto you. Behold, I
would exhort you that when ye shall read these things
if it be wisdom in God that ye should read them, that
ye would remember how merciful the Lord hath been
unto the children of men, from the creation of Adam;
even down. until the time that ye shall receive these
things, and ponder it in your hearts, And when ye
shall r receive these things, I would exhort Jo that ye
would ask God, the. eternal Father, in the name of
Christ, if these things are not true; and if ye shall
ask with a sincere heart, with real intent, having faith
in Christ, he will manifest the truth of it unto you, by
the powerof the Holy Ghost; and by the power of
the Holy Ghost, ye may know the truth of all things.
And whatsoever thing is good, is just and true; where-
fore, nothing that is good: denieth the Christ, but ac-
Amowledgeth that he is. And ye may know that he

Bis
