one among you that doeth good, he shall work by the
power and gifts of God. And wounto them who shall
do these things away and die, for they die in their
sins, and they cannot be saved in the kingdom of God;
and I speak it according to the words of Christ, and I
lienot. And I exhort you to remember these things;
for the time speedily cometh that ye shall know that
Tlie not, for ye shall see me at the bar of God, and
the Lord God will say unto you, did I not declare my
words unto you, which were written by this man, like
as one crying from the dead? yea, even as one speak-
ing out of the dust? I declare these things unto. the
fulfilling of the prophecies. And behold, they. shall
proceed forth out of the mouth of the everlasting God;
and hig word shall hiss forth from generation to gene-
ration. And God shall shew unto you, that. that
which I have written, is true. And again I would ex-
hort you, that ye would come: unto Christ, and lay
hold upon every good gift, and touch not the evil gift,
nor the unclean thing. And awake, and arise from
the dust, O: Jerusalem; yea, and put on thy beautiful
garments, QO daughter of Zion,.and strengthen thy
stakes; and enlarge thy borders forever, that thou may-
est:no more be confounded, that the covenants.of the
eternal Father which he hath made unto thee, O house
of Israel, may be fulfilled. Yea, come unto Christ,
and he perfected in him, and-deny yourselves of all un-
godliness, and if ye shall deny yourselves of all un-
godliness, and love God with all your might, mind and
strength, then is his grace sufficient for you, amg A
his grace ye may be perfect in Christ; and if by
grace of God ye are perfect in Christ, ye can in no
wise deny the power of God. And again, if ye, by
the grace of God are perfect in Christ, and deny not
his power, then are ye sanctified in Christ by the
race of God, through the shedding of the blood of
Ghrist, which is in the covenant of the Father, unto
the remission of your sins, that ye become holy with-
out spot. And now I bid unto all, farewell. . I soon
to rest in the paradise of God, until my spirit and
Paty shall again reunite, and I am brought forth tri-
umphant through the air, to meet you before the pleas-
ing bar of the great Jehovah, the eternal Judge of both

_ Quick and dead. Amen.
