THE FIRST BOOK OF NEPHL

HIS REIGN AND MINISTRY.
CHAPTER I.

dn account of Lehi and his wife Sariah, and his four Sons,
being called, (beginning at the eldest,) Laman, Lemuel,
Sam, and Nephi. The Lord warns Leht to depart out of
the land of Jerusalem, because he prophesieth unto the pea-
ple concerning their iniquity ; and they seele to destroy his
life. He taketh three days’ journey into the wilderness
with his family. Nephi taketh his brethren and returns to
the land of Jerusalem after the record of the Jews. The we-
count of their sufferings. They take the daughters of Ish.
mael to wife. They take their families and depart into the
wilderness. Their Svoge cad-affichions in the wilder-
ness. The course of their travels. They come to the large
waters. Nephi’s brethren rebelleth against him. He con-
foundeth them, and buitdeth a Ship. They call the place
Bountiful. They cross the large waters into the-promised
land, §c. This is according to the account of Nephi ; or, —
in other words, I Nephi wrote this record. <4

 

   

z

J, Nepns, having been born of goodly parents, therefore 1
was taught somewhat in all the léarning off my father; and
haying seen many afllictions in the course of my days—never-
theless, having been highly favored of the Lord in ail my days ;
yea, having had a great Inowledge of the goodness and the
mysteries of God, therefore I make a record of my procee-
dings in my days; yea, I make a record in thelanguage of my —
father, which consists of the learning of the Jews andthe lan- —
guage of the Egyptians. And I know that the record which I
make, to be true; and I make it with mine own hatid; and ¥

make it according to my knowledge 0} Sane
For it came to pass, in the Seoul ec the first'year

of the reign of Zedekiah, king of Judah, (my fathei Leh s
ing dwelt at Jerusalem in all his days;) and in that sanie yeal
there came many prophets, prophesying unto the people, that’
they must repent, er the great city Jerusalem must he destroyed’
= _,

  
    
  
  
  

 
