Wherefore it came to pass, that my father Lehi, as he went
forth; prayed unto the Lord, yea, cven with all his heart, in
behalf of his people.

And it came to pass, as he prayed unto the Lord, there
cane a pillar of fire and dwelt upon a rock before him; and
he saw and heard much; and because of the things which he
saw and heard, he did quake and tremble exceedingly.

And it came to pass that he returned to his own house at
Jerusalem ; and he cast himself upon his bed, being overcome
with the spirit and the things which he lad seen; and being
thus oyércome with the spirit, he was carried away in a vis-
jon, even that he saw the Heavens open; and he thought he
saw God sitting upon his throue, surrounded with numberless
concourses of angels in the attitude of singing and praising
their God.

And it came to pass that he saw one descending out of the

_aiidst of Heaven, and he beheld that his lustre was above that
of the sun at noon-day; and he also saw twelve others follow-
ihg him, and their brightness did execed that of the stars in
the firmament; and they came down dha went forth upon the
face of the earth; and the first came “and stood before my fa~

, and gaye unto-him a Book, and bade him that he should

read, a

And it came to pass that as he read, he was filled with the
spirit of the Lord, and he read, saying, Wo, wo unto Jerusa-
Jom! for I have seen thine abominations; yea, and many
things didmy father read concerning Jerusalem—that iL should.
be destroyed, and the inhabitants thereof, many should perish
by the sword, angignauy sfould be carried away captive into
Babylon.

And it came to pass that when my father had read and saw
many great and marvellous things, he did exclaim many things
unto the Lord; such as, Great and marvellous are thy works,
O Lord God Almighty! Thy throne is high in the Heavens,
and thy power, and goodness, and mercy is over all the inhabi-
tants of the earth; and because thou art merciful, thou wilt
not suffer those who come unto thee that they shall perish !
And after this manner wa the language of my father in the
praising of his God ; forthis soul did rejoice, and his whole
heart was filled, because of the things which he had seen; yea,
which the Lord had shewn unto him. And now I, Nephi, do
not make a full account of the things which my father hath
written, for he hath written many things which he saw in vis-.

 
