heart that I did believe all the words which had been spoken
by my father ; wherefore I did not rebel against him like unto
my brothers. And 1 spake unto Sam, making known unto
him the things which the Lord had manifested unto me by his
Holy Spirit.

And it came to pass that he believed in my words; but be
hold Laman and Lemuel would not hearken unto my words :
And being grieved because of the hardness of their hearts, I
cried unto the Lord for them.

And it came to pass that the Lord spake unto me, saying :
Blessed art thou, Nephi, because of thy faith, for thou hast
sought me diligently, with lowliness of heart. And inasmuch
as ye shall keep my commandments, ye shall prosper, and shalt
be led to a land of promise ; yea, even a land which I have
prepared for you ; yea, a land which is choice above all other
lands, And inasmuch as thy brethren shall rebel againt thee,
they shall be cut off from the presence of the Lord. And inas-
much as thou shalt keep my commandments, thou shalt be
made a ruler and a teacher over thy brethren. For behold, in
that day that they shall rebel against me, 1 will curse the
even with a sore curse, and they shall have no power o
thy seed, except they shall rebel against me also. And i
so he that they rebel against me, they shall be a scourge uni
thy seed, to stir them up in the ways of remembrance.

And it came to pass that I, Nephi, returned from speaking
with the Lord, to the tent of my father. And it came to pass
that he spake unto me, saying : Behold I have dreamed a dream,
in the which the Lord hath commanded me that thou and thy
brethren shall return to Jerusalem. For behold, Laban hath
the record of the Jews, and also a genealogy of my forefathers,
ae they are engrayen upon plates of brass. Wherefore the

d hath commanded me {hat thou and thy brothers should
go unto the house of Labanjsand seek the records, and bring
them down hither into the wilderness. And now, behold, thy
brothers murmur, saying: It is a hard thing which I have re-
quired of them; but behold I have not required it of them, bui,
it is 2 commandment of the Lord. Therefore go, my son, and
thou shalt be favored of the Lord, because thou hast rot mur-
mured,

And it came to pass that I, Nephi, said unto my father, F
will go and do the things which the Lord hath commanded,
for T know that the Lond giveth no conmandments unto the
