berless concourses of people; many of whom were pressing
forward, that they might obtain the path which jed unto the
tree by which I stood.

And it came to pass that they did come forth, and commence
in the path which led to the tree. And it came to pass that
there arose a mist of darkness; yea, even an exceeding great
mist of darkness, insomuch that they which had commenced in
the path, did lose their way, that (hey wandered off, and were
Jost.

And it came to pass that I beheld others pressing forward ;
and they came forth, and caught hold of the end of the rod of
iron; and they did press forward through the mist of darkness,
clinging to the rod of iron, even until they did come forth and
pariake of the fruit of the tree, And after that they had par-
taken of the fruit of the trec, they did cast their eyes about as if
they were ashamed. And Jalso cast my eyes round about, and
beheld, on the other side of the river of water, a great and spa-
cious building; and it stood as it were in the air, high above
the earth; and it was filled with people, both old and young,
both male and female; and their manncr of dress was exceeding
fine; and they were in the attitude of mocking and pointing
their fingers towards those which had come at, and were parta-

“king of the fruit. And after that they had tasted of the {ruit,
they were ashamed, because of those that were seofting at
them; and they fell away into forbidden paths, and were lost.

And now I, Nephi, do not speak all the words of my father.
But, to be short in writing: Behold, he saw other multitudes
pressing forward; and they came and caught hold of the end
of the rod of iron; and_ they did press their way forward, con-
tinually holding fast to the rod of iron, until they came forth and
fell down, and partook of the fruit of the tree. And he also
saw other multitudes, feeling their way towards that great and
spacious building.

And it ,came to pass that many were drowned in the depths
of the fountain; and many were Jost from his view, wandering
in strange roads. And great was the multitude that did enter
into that strange building. And after that they did enter into

. that building, they did point the finger of scorn at me, and those
that were partaking of the fruit also; but we heeded them not.
‘These are the words of my father: For asmany as heeded them,
had fallen away. And Laman and Lemuel partook not of the
fruit, saith my father.

And it came to pass that afler my father had spoken all the
