pondering in mine heart, Iwas caught away in the spirit of the
Lord, yea, into an exceeding high mountain, which I never
had before seen, and upon which I never had hefore sat my
foo{. And the spiritsaith unto me, Behold, what desirest thou?
And I saith, 1 desire to behold the things which my father saw.
And the spirit saith unto me, Believest thou that thy father
saw the tree of which he hath spoken? And I said yea; thou
Knowest that I believe all the words of my father.

And when I had spoken these words, the spirit ericd with a
loud voice; saying: Hosanna to the Lord, the most high God:
for he is God over all the earth, yea, even above all; and
blessed art thou, Nephi, because thou believest in the Son of
the Most High God; wherefore, thou shalt behold the things
which thou hast desired. And behold, this thing shall be giv
en unto thee for a sign: that after thou hast beheld the tree
which bore the fruit which thy father tasted, thou shalt also
behold a aman. descending cut of Heaven, and him shall ye wit-
ness; andafier that ye have witnessed him, ye shall bear rec-

at itis the Son of God.
it came to pass that the spirit saith unto me, look! and
Tlooked and beheld a tree; and it was like unto the tree which
amy father had seen; and the beauty thereof was far beyond,
yea, exceeding of all beauty; and the whiteness thereof, did
exceed the whiteness of the driven snow.

And it came to pass that after that ] had scen the tree, I said
unto the spirit, F behold thou bast shewn unto me the tree
which is precious above all, And he saith unto me, What de-
sirest thou? And! 1 said unto him, to know the interpretation
thereof; for I spake unto him as a man speaketh; for I beheld
that he was in the form of a man; yet, nevertheless, I. knew
that it was the spirit of the Lord; and he spake unto me as a
man speaketh with another.

_ And it came to pass that he said unto me, look: And I look-
ed as if to look upon him, and 1 saw him not; for he had
gone from before my presence.

And it came to pass that I looked and beheld the great city
Jerusalem, and also other cities. And J beheld the city of
Nazareth; and in the city of Nazareth I beheld a virgin, and
she was exceeding fair and white.

And it came to pass that I saw the Heavens open; and an
angel came down and stood before me; and he saith unto me,
Nephi, what beholdest thou? And I saith unto him, a virgin,

Most beautiful and fair above all other virgins. And he saith
