and also for the praise of the world, do they destroy the Saints
of Goud, and bring them down into captivity.

And it came to pass that { looked and beheld many waters;
and they divided the Gentiles from the seed of my brethren.
And it came to pass that the angel said unto me, Behold, the
wrath of God is upon the seed of thy brethren! And J looked
and beheld a man among the Gentiles, which was separated
from the sced of my brethren hy the many waters; and I be-
held the spirit of God, that it came down and wrought upon the
man; and he went forth upon the many waters, even unto the
seed of my brethren, which were in the promised land,

And it came to pass that I beheld the spirit of God, that it
wrought upon other Gentiles; and they went forth out of cape
wivity, upon the many waters. se

And it came to pass that J beheld many multitudes of the
Gentiles, upon the land of promise; and 1 beheld the wrath of
God, that it was upon the seed of my brethren; and they were
scattered before the Gentiles, and they were smitten. And I
beheld the spirit of the Lord, that it was upon the Gentiles;
that they did prosper, and obtain the land of their inheritance ;
and I beheld that they were white, aud exceeding fair and
beautiful, like unto my people, before that they were slain. ‘

And it came to pass that 1, Nephi, beheld that the Gentiles™
which had gone forth out of captivity, did humble themselves
before the Lord; and the power of the Lord was with them:
and I beheld that their mother Gentiles was gathered together
upon the waters, and upon the land also, to battle against them ;
and I beheld that the power of God was with them; and also,
that the wrath of God was upon them, that were gathered to-
gether against them to battle. And I, Nephi, beheld that the
Géntiles which had gone out of captivity, weve delivered by
the power of God, out of the hands of all other nations. —

And it came to pass that I, Nephi, beheld that they did pros-
per in the land; and I beheld a Book ; and it was carried forth
among them. And the angel saith unto me, Knowest thou the
meaning of the Book? And [saith unto him, [know not, And
he saith, Behold, it proceedeth out of the mouth of a Jew,
and I, Nephi, beheld it; and he saith unto mey The Book which
thou beholdest, is a record of the Jews, which coniains the
covenants of the Lord which he hath made unto the House of
Isvacl; and it also containcth many of the prophecies of the
Holy Prophets; and it is a record like unto the engravings
which are upon the plates of brass, saye there are not so many;
