such thing known unto us. Behold, I said unto them, Howjs
it that ye do not keep the commandments of the Lord? How
is it that ye will perish, because of the hardness of your hearts?
Do ye.not remember the things which the Lord hath said: If
ye will not harden your hearts, and ask me in faith, believing
that ye shall receive, with diligence in keeping my command-
ments, surely, these things shall be made known unto you?
Behold, I say unto you, that the House of Israel was com-
pared unto an olive tree, by the spirit of the Lord which was
in our fathers; and, behold, are we not broken off from the
House of Israel; and are we not a branch of the House of Is-
rael? And now, the thing which our father meaneth concer
ning the grafting in of the natural branches through the fulness
ofthe Gentiles, is, that in the latter days, when our seed shall
have dwindled in unbelief, yea, for the space of many years,
and many generations, after that the Messiah hath manifested
himself in body unto the children of men, then shall the fulness
of the Gospel of the Messiah come unto the Gentiles, and from
the Gentiles unto the remnant of our seed; and at that day,
shall the remnant of our sced know that they are of the House
of Israel, and that they are the covenant people of the Lord;
and then:shall they know and come to the knowledge of their
forefathers, and also to the knowledge of the Gospel of their
Redeemer, which was ministered unio their fathers. by him;
wherefore, they shall come to the knowledge of their Redee-_
mer, and the very points of his doctrine, that they may know
how to come unto him and be saved. And then at that day,
will they not rejoice and give praise unto their everlasting God,
their rock and their salvation? Yea, at that day, will they not
receive the strength and nourishment from the gue yine? Yea,
will they not come unto the true fold of God? Behold, I say
unto you, Yea; they shall be remembered again among the
House of Israel; they sball be grafted in, being a natural
branch of the olive tree, info the true olive tree; and this 1s
what our father meaneth ; and he meaneth that it will not come
to pass, until after that they are scattered by the Gentiles;
and he meaneth that it shall come by way of the Gentiles, that —
the Lord may shew his power unto the Gentiles, for the very
cause that he shall be rejected of the Jews, or of the House
of Israel; wherefore, our father hath.nzot spoken of our seed
alone, but also of all the House of Israel, pointing to the cove-
nant which should be fulfilled in the latter days; which cove-

 

 
   

 
