nant the Lord made to our father Abraham, saying: In thy~
seed shall all the kindreds of the earth be blessed.

And it came to pass that I, Nephi, spake much unto them
concerning these things; yea, I spake unto them concerning
the restoration of the Jews, in the latter days; and I did re-
hearse unto them the words of Isaiah, which spake concerning
the restoration of the Jews, or of the House of Israel; and
after that they were restored, they should no more be con-
founded, neither should they be scattered agam. And it came
to pass that I did speak many words unto my brethren, that
they were pacified, and did humble themselves before the
Lord.

And it came to pass that they did speak unto me again,
saying: What meaneth the thing which our father saw in a
dream? What meaneth the tree which he saw? And I said
unto them, it was a representation of the tree of life. And
they said unto me, What meaneth the rod of iron which our
fatlier saw, that led to the tree? And T said unto them, that it
was the word of God; and whoso would hearken unto the
word of God, and would hold fast unto it, they would nevey
perish ; neither could the temptations and the firy darts of the
adversary, overpower them unto blindness, to lead them away
to destruction. Wherefore, I, Nephi, did exhort them to give
heed unto the word of the Lord; yea, I did exhort them with
all the energies of my soul, and with all the faculty which I
possessed, that they would give heed to the word of God, and
remember to keep-his commandments always, in all things, —
And they said unto me, What meaneth the river of water which
our father saw? And I said unto them, that the water which
my father saw, vas filthiness; and so much was his mind
swallowed u ther things, that he beheld not the filthinese
of the water ; Fsaid unto them, that it was an awful gulf,
which separatcth the wicked from the tree of life, and also
from the Saints of God; and J said unto them, that it was a
representation of that awful Hell, which the angel said unte
me was prepared for the wicked, And I said unto them, that
our father also saw, that the justice of God did also divide the
wicked from the righteous; and the brightness thereof was like
unto the brightness of a flaming fire, which ascendeth up unte
God forever and ever, and hath no end, . s

And they said unto me, Doth this thing mean the torment ¢
the body in the days of probation, or doth it mean the fin
state of the soul after the death of the temporal body? or doth

     
 
