+

ws And it came to pass that I, Nephi, did exhort my breth-
xen, with all diligence, to keep the commandments of the Lord.
And it came to pass that they did humble themselves before
the Lord; insomuch, that I had joy and great hopes of them,
that they would walk inthe paths of righteousness. Now, all
these things were said and done, as my father dwelt in a tent in
the valley which he called Lemuel.

And it came to pass that I, Nephi, took one of the daugh-
ters of Ishmael to wife; and also, my brethren took of the
daughters of Ishmacl to wife; and also, Zoram took the eldest
daghter of Ishmacl to wife. And thus my father had fulfilled
all the commandments of the Lord, which had been given un-
to him. And also, I, Nephi, had been blessed of the Lord,
exceedingly.

And it came to pass that the voice of the Lord spake unto
say father, by night, and commanded him, that on the morrow,
he should take his journey into the wilderness. And it came
4o pass that as my father arose in the morning, and went forth
io the tent door, to his great astonishment, he beheld up-
on the ground a round bail, of curious workmanship; and it
was of fine brass, And within the ball were two spindles ;
and the one pointed the way whither we should go into the
wilderness.

And it came to pass that we did gather together whatsoever
things we should carry into the wilderness, and all the remain-
der of our provisions which the Lord had given unto us; and
we did take seed of every kind, that we might carry into the
wilderness,

And it came to pass that we did take our tents, and depart
into the wilderness, across the river Laman. And it came
to pass that we travelled for the space of four days, nearly 2
south, southeast direction, and we did pitch our tents again ;
and we did call the name of the place Shazer.

And it came to pass that we did take our bows and our ar-
yows, and go forth into the wilderness, to slay food for our
families ; and after.that we had slain food for our families, we
did return again to our families in the wilderness, to the place
of Shazer. And we did go forth again, in the wilderness, fol-
lowing the same direction, keeping in the most fertile parts of.
the wilderness, which was in the borders near the Sea,
And it eame to pass that we did travel for the space o} any
days, slaying food by the way, with our bows and our ,
and our stones, and our slings; and we, did follow the direc«
