tions of the ball, which led us in the more fertile parts of the
wilderness. And after that we had travelled for the space of
many days, we did pitch our tents for the space of atime, that
we might again rest ourselves and obtain food for our families,

And it came to pass that as I, Nephi, went forth to slay food,
behold, I did break my bow, which was made of fine steel,
and after that I did break my bow, behold, my brethren were
angry with me, because of the loss of my bow, for we did ob-
tain no food. And it came to pass that we did return without
food to our families. And being much fatigued, because of
their journeying, they did suffer much for the want of food.

And it came to pass that Laman and Lemuel, and the sons
of Ishmael, did begin to murmur exceedingly, because of their
sufferings and afilictions in the wilderness ; and also, my father
began to murmur azainst the Lord his God; yea, and they were '
all exceeding sorrowful, even that they did murmur against
the Lord.

Now it came to pass ihat I, Nephi, having been afilicted
with my brethren, because of the loss of my how 3 and their
bows having lost their springs, it began to he exceeding diffi-
cult, yea, insomuch, that we could obtain no food. And it
came to pass that 1, Nephi, did speak much unto my brethren,
because that they had hardened their hearts again, even unto
complaining against the Lord their God.

And it came to pass that [, Nephi, did make out of wood «
bow, and out of a straight stick, an arrow; wherefore, I did
arm myself with a bow and an arrow, with a sling, and with
stones. And] said unio my father, Whither shall I go, to ob-
tain food? And it came to pass that he did inquire of the Lord,
for they had humbled themselves because of my word; for I
did say many things unto them in the energy of my soul.

Aid it came to pass that the voice of the Lord came unto
my father; and he was truly chastened because of his mur-
muring against the Lord, insomuch, that he was brought down -
into the depths of sorrow. And it came to pass that the voice
of the Lord said unto him, Look upon the ball, and behold the
things which are written! And it came to pass that when my
father beheld the things which were written upon the ball, he
did fear and tremble exceedingly ; and also my brethren, and
the sons of Ishmael, and our wives. /

And it came to pass that J, Nephi, beheld the pointers
which were in the ball, that they did work according to the
faith, and diligence, and heed, which we did give unto them. —
