And after this manner, did my brother Laman stir up theig
hearts to anger. > ¢
And it came to pass that the Lord was with us; yea, even
the voice of the Lord came and did speak many words unto’
them, and did chasten them exceedingly; and after that they
were chastened by the voice of the Lord, they. did turn away
their anger, and did repent of their sins, insomuch, that the
Lord did bless us again with food, that we did not perish,

And it came to pass that we did again take our journey in
the wilderness ; and we did travel nearly eastward, from that
time forth. And we did travel and wade through much afilic.
tion in the wilderness ; and our women did bear children in the
wilderness. And so great were the blessings of the Lord upon
us, that while we did live upon raw meat in the wilderness,
our women did give plenty of suck for their children, and were
strong, yea, even like unto the men; and they began to bear
their journeyings without murmurings. And thus we see thel

the commandments of God must be fulfilled. And if it so be
that the children of men keep the commandments of God, he
doth nourish them, and strengthen them, and provide means
whereby they can accomplish the thing which he hath com
manded them; wherefore, he did provide means for us while
we did sojourn in the wilderness. And we did sojourn for the
space of many years, yea, even cight years in the wilderness,
And we did come to the land which we called Bountiful, bes
‘cause of its much fruit, and also, wild honey; and all these
things were prepared of the Lord, that we might not perish.—
And we beheld the Sea, which we called Irreantum, which be
ng interpreted, is, many waters. f

And it came to pass that we did pitch our tents by the sea
shore; and noiwitlstanding we had suffered many affhctions,
and much difficulty, yea, even so much that we cannot wrile
then all, we were exceedingly rejoiced when we came to the

«seashore ; and we called the place Bountiful, because of itt
much fruit. i

And it came to pass that after I, Nephi, had been in the land of
Bountiful for the space.of many days, the voice of the Lord,
came unto me, saying: Arisc, and get thee into the mountain.
And it came to pass that J arose and went up into the moun
tain, and cried unto the Lord. ;

And it came to pass that the Lord spake unto me, seying:
Thou shalt construct a ship, efter the manner which | sha
~vaew thee, that I may carry thy people across these waters:
