there was not any thing done, save it were by his word. And
after they had crossed the river Jordan, be did make them
mighty, unto the driving out the children of the land, yea, un-
to the scattering them to destruction. And now do ye sup~
pose that the children of this land, which were in the land of
promise, which were driven out by our fathers, do ye suppose
ihat they were righteous? Behold, } say unto you, nay. Do
ye suppose that our fathers would have been more choice than
they, if they had been righteous? I say unto you, nay, behold,
the Lord esteemeth all fiesh in one: He that is righteous, is
favored of God. But, behold, this people had rejected every
word of God, and they were ripe in iniquity; and the fulness
of the wrath of God-was upon them; and the Lord did curse
the land against them, aud bless it unto our fathers; yea, he
did curse it against them unto their destruction; and he did
bless it unto our fathers, unto their obtaining power over it.
Behold, the Lord hath created the carth, that it should be in-
habiled; and he hath ereated his children, that they should
possess if. And he raiseth up a righteous nation, and destroy-
eth the nations of the wicked. And he leadeth away the
righteous into precious lands, and the, wicked he destroycth,
and curseth the land unto them for their sakes. He ruleth
high in the Heavens, for it is his throne, and this earth is his
footstool, And he loveth them which will have him to be
their God. Behold, he loved our fathers; and he coyenanted
with them, yea, even Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob; and he re-
membered the covenants which he had made; wherefore, he
did bring them out of the land of Egypt, and he did straighten
them in the wilderness with his rod, for they hardened their
hearts, even as ye have; and the Lord straightened thei, be-
cause of their iniquity. He sent firy-flying serpents aniong them ;
and after they were bitten, he prepared a way, that they might
be healed; and the labor which they had to perform, was to
Jook! and because of the simpleness of the way, or the easiness:
of it, there were many which perished. And they did harden
their hearts from time to time, and they did revile against Moses,
and also against God ; nevertheless, ye know that they were
ied forth by his matehless power, into the Jand of promise,—
And now, after all these things, the time has come that they
have beconie wicked, yea, nearly unto ripeness; and I know
not but they are at this day about to be destroyed, for I know
that the day must surely come, that they must be destroyed,
save. a few only, which shall be led away into captivity ;

 
