‘mie, hor touch me with their fingers, even for the space of many
days. Now they durst not do this, lest they should wither be-
fore me, so powerful was the spirit of God; and thus it had
‘wrought upon them, % :

And it came to pass that the Lord said unto me, Stretch
forth thine hand again unto thy brethren, and they shall niot
wither before thee; but I will shock them, saith the Lord; and
this will 1 do, that they-may know'that I am the Jord their
God.

And it came to pass that [stretched forth my hand unto my
brethren, and they did net wither before me; but the Lord did
shake them, even according to the word which he had spoken.
And now, they said, We know of a surety, that the Lordis with .
thee, for we know that it is the power of the Lord that hath
shaken us. And they fell down before me, and were ahout to
worship me, but T would not suffer them, saying: I am thy
brother, yea, even thy younger brother; wherefore, worship
the Lord thy God, and honor thy father and thy mother, that
thy days may be long in the land which the Lord thy God
shall give thee.

And it came to pass that they did worship the Lord, and dic
go forth withme; and we did work timbers of curious work-
manship. And the Lord did shew me from time to time, after
what manner I should work the timbers of the ship. Now:
{, Nephi, did not work the timbers after the manner which was
learned by men, neither did I build the ship after the inanner of
men; but Idid build it after the manner which the Lord had
shewn unto me; wherefore, it was not after the manner of
men, t

And T, Nephi, did go into the mount oft, and I did pray oft’
a the Lord; wherefore, the Lord shewed unto me great
things,

And it came to pass that afler I had finished the ship accor-
ding to the word of the Lord, my brethren beheld that it was
good, and that the workmanship thereof was exceeding fine;
wherefore, they did humble themselves again before the Lord.

And it came-to pass that the voice of the Lord canie unto
my father, that we should avise and go down into the ship.
And it came to pass that on the morrow, after that we had
prepared all things, much fruits and meat from the wilder-
ness, and honey in abundance, and provisions, according to.
that which the hoe had commanded us, we did go down into
- the ship with all our loading and our seeds, and whatsoever
