of Israel; yet they swear not in truth, nor in righteousness. —
Nevertheless, they call themselves of the Holy city, byt they
do not stay themselves upon the God of Israel, which is they
Lord of hosts; yea, the Lord of hosts is his name. Behold,
ft have declared the former things from the beginning ; and
they went forth out of my mouth, and 1 shewed them; I did
shew them suddenly. . And I did it because ] knew that thou
art obstinate, and thy neck was an iron sinew, and thy brow
brass; and I have, even from the beginning, declared to thee 5
hefore it came to pass TE shewed them thee; and T shewed
them for fear lest thou shouldst. say, Mine idol hath done,
them; and my graven image, and my molten image, hath com-
manded them, ‘Thou hast seen and heard all this; and will
ye not declare them? And that 1 have shewed thee new things
‘from this time, even hidden things, and thou didst not know
them, They are created now, and not from the beginning;
even before the day when thou heardest them not, they were
declared unto thee, Jest thon shouldst say, Behold, I knew
them. - Yea, and thou heardest not; yea, thou knewest not;
yea, from that time, thine ear was not opened: for 1 knew
that thou wouldest deal very treacherously, and wast called a
transgressor from the womb.

Nevertheless, for my name sake will I defer mine anger, and
for my praise will I refrain from thee, that I cut thee not off.
For, behold, I have refined thee; I have chosen thee in the
furnace of affliction. For mine own sake, yea, for mine own
sake, will 1 do this; for I will not suffer my name to be pol-
Juted, and I will not give my glory unto another.

Hearken unto me, O Jacob and Isracl, my called; for lam
he; and.Tam the first, and I am also the last. Mine hand
hath also laid the foundation of the earth, and my right hand
ath spanned the heavens: and I called unto them, and they
stand up together. All ye, assemble yourselves, and hear;
which among them hath declared these things unto them? The
Lord hath loved him: yea, and he will if his word which
he hath declared by them; and he will do his pleasure on
Babylon, and his arm shall come upon the Chaldeans. Also,
saith the Lord: I the Lord, yea, I have spoken, yea, I hay
called him, to declare [ have brought him; and he shall mak
dis way prosperous. ;

Come ye near unto me: I have not spoken in secret from
the beginning; from the time that it was declared, have 1 spo-
ken; and the Lord God, and his spirit, hath sent me. And

 

 
