Ssles of the sea, and in a day of savlation have | helped thee:
and I will preserve thee, and give thee my servant for a cove-
natit of the people, to establish the earth, to cause to inherit,
the desolate heritages: that thou mayest say to the prisoners,
Go forth; to them that sit ia darkness, Shew yourselves.—
They shall feed in the ways, and their pasiures shall be in all
high places. ‘They shall not hunger nor thirst, neither shall
the heat nor the sun smite them: for he that hath merey on
them shall lead them, even by the springs of water shall he
guide them. And 1 will make all my mountains away, and my
highways shall be exalted. And then, O house of Isracl, be-
hold, these shall come from far ; and lo, these from the north
and from the west; and these from the land of Sinim.

Sing, O Heavens; and be joyful, O earth; for the feet of
them which are in the east shall be established; and brealc
forth into singing, O momntains: for they shall be smitien no
more: for the Lord hath comforted his people, and will have
mercy upon his afflicted. But, behold, Zion hath said, The
Lord hath forsaken me, and my Lord hath forgotten me; but
he will shew that he hath not, Forcau a woman forget her
sucking child, that she should not have compassion on the sow
ofher womb? Yea, they may forget, yet will I not forget thee,
Ohouse of Israel. Behold, {have graven thee upon the palms
of my hands; thy walls are continually before me. Thy
children shall make haste against thy destroyers; and they
that made thee waste, shall go forth of thee.

Lift up thine eyes round about, and behold: ail these gather
dhemselvyes together, and they shall come to thee. And as L
live, saith the Lord, thou shalt surcly clothe thee with them
all, as with an ornament, and bind ihem onreyen as a bride.
For thy waste and thy desolate places, and the land of thy
destruction, shall even now be too narrow by reason of the
inhabitants; and they that swallowed thee up, shall be fax
away. The children which thou shalt have, atter thou hast
Jost the other, shall again in thine ears say, The. place is too
straight for me: give place to me that I may dwell. Then
shalt thou say in thine heart, Who hath begotten me these,
seeing [ have lost my children, and am desolate, a captive, and
xemoving to and fro? and who hath brought up these? Be-
hold, I was left alone; these, where have they been? Thus»
saith the Lord God, Behold, I will lift up mine hand to the
Gentiles, and set up my standard to the people + and they
shail bring thy sons in their arms, and thy daughters shall be
