nnd shall be hated by all men. Nevertheless, after that they
have been nursed by the Gentiles, and the Lord hath lifted up
his hand upon the Gent nd set them up for a standard, and
their children shall be car in their arms, and their daugh-
ters shall be carried upon their shoulders, behold, these things
of which are spoken, are temporal: for thus is the covenants
of the Lord with our fathers; and it meancth us in the days to
come, and also al} our brethren which are of the House of Is-
rael. Andit meaneth that the time cometh thet after all the
House of Israel have been seattered and confounded, that the
Lord God will raise upa mighty nation among the Gentiles, yea,
even upon the face of this land; and by them shall our seed be
scattered. And after that our seed is scattered, the Lord God will
proceed to doa marvellous work among the Gentiles, which shall
be of yreat worth unto our seed; wherefore, it is hkened unto
ihe being nourished by the Gentiles, and being carried in their
arms, and upon their shoulders. And it shall also be of worth
unto the Gentiles ; and not only unto the Gentiles, but unto
all the House of Israel, unto the making known of the cove-
nants of the Father of Heaven unto Abraham, saying, In thy
seed shall all the kindreds of the earth be blessed. And
would, my brethren, that ye should know that all the kindreds
of the earth cannot be blessed, unless he shall make bare his _
arm in the eyes of the nations. Wherefore, the Lord God will
proceed to make bare his arm in the eyes of ail the nations, in
bringing about his covenants and his Gospel, unto they whick
are of the House of Irsael. Wherefore, he will bring them.
again out of captivity, and they shall be gathered together tov
the lands of their inheritance; and they shall be brought out g
of obscurity, and out of darkness; and they shall know that
the Lord is their Saviour and their Redeemer, the mighty one
of Israel. And the blood of that great and abominable church,
which is the whore of all the earth, shal] turn upon their own
heads: for they shall war among themselves, and the sword of
their own hands shall fall upon their own heads, and they shall
be drunken with their own blood. And every nation which
shall war against thee, O house of Israel, shall he turned one
against another, and they shall fall into the pit which they dig-
ged to ensnare the people of the Lord. And all that fight
against Zion, shall be destroyed. And that great whore, which
hath perverted the right ways of the Lord ; yea, that great and
abominaile church, shall tumble to the’ dust, snd great shall
he the fall of it. For behold, saith the prophet, that the tine.

 
 

 

 
