 

out of the land of Jerusalem. For, Behold, saith he, I have
seen a vision, in the which I know that Jerusalem is destroy=_
ed; and bad we remained in Jerusalem, we should also have
erished. » But, said he, notwithstanding our afflictions, we
have obtained a land of promise, a lend which is choice above
all other lands; a land which the Lord God hath covenanted
with me should be a land for the inheritance of my seed. Yea,
the Lord hath covenanted this land unto me, and to my children
forever; and also all they which should be led out of other
countries, by the hand ofthe Lord. Wherefore, 1, Lehi, prohe-
sy according to the workings of the spirit which is in me, that
there shall be none come into this land, save they should be
brought by the hand of the Lord. Wherefore, this land is con-
secrated unto him whom he shall bring. And if it so be that
they shall serve him according to the commandments which
he hath given, it shall be a land of liberty unto them; where-
fore, they shall never be brought down into captivity : if so, it
shall be because of iniquity: for if iniquity shall abound, car-
sed shall be the land for their sakes; but unto the righteous,
it shall be blessed forever. And behold, it is wisdom that this
Jand should be keptas yet from the knowledge of other nations:
for behold, many nations would overrun the Jand, that there
would be no place for am inheritance. Wherefore, I, Lehi,
have obiained a promise, that inasmuch as they which the
Lord God shall bring out of the land of Jerusalem shall keep
his commandments, they shall prosper upon the face of this
fand; aud they shall be kept from all other nations, that they
may possess this land unto themselves. And if it so be that
ihey shall keep his commandments, they shall be blessed upor
the face of this Jand, and there shall be none to molest them,
nor to take away the land of their inheritance; and they shall
dwell safely forever. But bebold, when the time cometh that
they shall dwindle in unbelief, aficr that they have received xo
_ Sreat blessings from the hand of the Lord; having a knowl-
edge of the creation of the earth, and all men knowing the
great and marvellous works of the Lord from the creation of
the world ; haying power given them to do all things by faith;
having all the commandments from the beginning, and having
heen brought by his infinite goodness into this precious land
of promise ; behold, | say, if the day shall come that they will
reject the Holy One of Israel, the true Messiah their Redeemer
and their God, behold, the judgments of him that is just, shall
vest upon them; yea, he will bring other nations unto them,

 

 
