ye are bound, and come forth out of obscurity, and arise from
thedust, Rehel no more against your brother, whose views
have been glorious, and who hath Kept the commandments
from the time that we left Jerusalem, and who hath been an
instrunicnt in the hands of God, iv bringing us forth inte the
land of promise: for were it not for him, we must have per-
ished with hunger in the wilderness ; ‘nevertheless, ye sought
to take away his life; yea, and he hath suffered much sorrow
because of you, And J exceedingly fear and tremble because
of you, lest he shall suffer again: for behold, ye have accused
him that he songht power and authority over you; but | know
thathe hath not sought for power uor authority over you; bat
he hath sought the glory of God, and your own etcrnal wel-
fare, And ye have murmured because he hath been Flain un-
to you. Ye say that he hath used sharpness ; ye say that he
hath been angry with you. But behold, his sharpness was the
sharpuess of the power of the word of God, which was in him;
and that which ye call anger, was the truth, according to that
which is in God, which le could not constrain, manifesting
boldly concerning your iniquities. And it must needs be that
the power of God must be with him, even unto his commati-
ding you, that ye mustobey. But behold, it was not him, but
it was the spirit of the Lord which was in him, whieh opened
kis mouth to utteranee, that he could not shut it.

And now my son Laman, and also Lemuel and Sam, and al-
so my sons which are the sons of Ishmael, behold, if ye will
hearken unto the voice of Nephi, ye shall not perish. And if
ye will bearken unto him, [leave unto you.a blessing, yea, ever
my first blessing. But if ye will not hearken unto hin, 1 take
away my first blessing, yea, even my blessing, and it shall rest
upon him, And now, Zorara, [speak unto you: Behold, thou
art the servant of Laban; nevertheless, thou hast been brought
out of the land of Jerusalem, and I know that thou art a true
friend unto my sou, Nephi, forever. Wherefore, because thou
hast been faithful, thy seed shall be blessed with his seed, that
they dwell in prosperity long upon the face of this land; and
nothing, save it shall he iniquity among them, shall harm or
disturb their prosperity upon the face of this land forever.—
Wherefore, if ye shall keep the commandments of the Lord,
the Lord hath consecrated this land for the security of thy
seed with the seed of my son. And now, Jacob, 1 speak unto
you: Thou art my first born in the days of my tribulation in
the wilderness. And behold, in thy childhood, thou hast suf

 

 
