   
 
   
    
  
 
    
    

neither holiness nor misery; neither good nor bad. Where
fore, all things must needs be acompouud in onc; wherefore,
ifit should be one body, it must neeeds remain as dead, havin
no life, neither death nor corruption, ner incoaruption, happi
mess nor misery, neither sense nor insensibility. W hereto
it most needs-have been created for a thingof nought; whe
fore, there would have been no purpose in the end of its crea
ion. Wherefore, this thing must needs destroy the wisdor
of God, and his eternal purpeses; and alse, the power, an
the mercy, and the justice of God. And if ye shall say ther
‘is no law, ye shall also say there is no sia, If ye shall sa
there is no sin, ye shall also say there is uo righteousness.

And if there be no righteousness, there be no happiness. An
if there be no righteousness nor happiness, there be no pun-
ishment nor misery. And if these things are not, there is no
God. And if there is no God, we are not, neither the earth;
for there could have been no creation of things, neither to‘act
uor to be acted upon; wherefore, all things must have vanished,
away. i

And now, my sons, I speak unto yon these things, for your
profit and learning: for ihere is a God, and he hath created
all things, both the heavens and the earth, and all things that in
them is; both things to act, and things to be acted upon; and
to bring about his eternal purposes in the end of man, after
that he had created our first parents, and the beasts of the
dield, and the fowls of the air, and in fine, all things which are
created, it must needs be that there was un opposition ; even
the forbidden fruit in opposition to the tree of lite; the one be-
ing sweet and the other hitter; wherefore, the Lord God gave
unto man, that he should act for himself, Wherefore, man
could not act for himsclf, save it should be that he were enti-
ced by the one or the other.

And 1, Lehi, according to the things which I have read, must
weeds suppose, that an angel of God, according to that which —
a# written, had fallen from Heaven; wherefore, hc b¥came a
Devil, having sought that which was evil before God. And
Pecause that he had fallen from Heaven, and had become mis-
erable forever, he sought also the misery of all maniind.—
Wherefore, ‘he.sayeth unto Hye, yea, even that. old serpent, —
which is the Devil, which is the father of all lies ; wherefore he
sayeth, Partake of the forbidden fruit, and ye shall not die, but
ye hall be as God, knowing good and evil. And afier that
Adan and Eye had partaken of the forbidden fruit, they were

 

 

 

 
