    
 
 

according to the words of the prophet. And Lhavenone otj
er object, save it be the everlasting welfare of your souls—
Amen, 4

=a
CHAPTER IL

Ax now I speak unto you, Joseph, my last born. Thou
wast Lorn in the wilderness of mine altiictions; yea, in the days
of aly greatest sorrow, did thy unvther bear thee, And mo
the Lord consecrate aJso unto thee this laud, which is a most
precious land for thine inheritance and the inheritance of thy
seed with thy brethren, for thy security forever, if itso be that ye.
shall keep the commandments of the Loly One of Israel. Ant
now, Joseph, my last born, whom | have brought out of the wik
derness of mine afflictions, may the Lord bless thee forever, for
thy seed shall not utterly be destroyed, For behold, thou art the
fruit of my loins; and 1am a descendant of Joseph, which was
carried cuptive into Egypt. And great was the covenants of the
Lord, which he made unto Joseph ; wherefore, Joseph truly saw
ow day. And he obtained a promise ofthe Lord, that out of
ihe fruit ef his loins, the Lord Ged would raise up a righteous
branch unto the House of Israel; not the Messiah, but a
bratich which wes to be broken off; nevertheless, to be re
menibered in the covenants of the Lord, that the Messiah
should be niade manifest unto them in the latter days, in the.
spirit of power, unto the bringing of thom cut of derkness um
to light; yea, out of hidden darkness and out ef captivity unte
frecdem. For Jeseph truly testified, saying: A seer shall the
Lord my God raise up, whieh shall be a choice seer unto the
finit of my loins. Yea, Joseph truly said, thus saith the Lend
unio me: A choice scer will | raise up out of the fruit of thy
1 ; and he shall be esteemed highly among the fruit of thy
loins, And unto Lim will 1 give commandment, that he shall
do a work for the fruit of thy Joins, his brethren, which shall
be of great worth unto them, even to the bringing of them
the Knowledge of the covenants whic I have made with thy!
fathers. And I will give unto him a commandment, that he
shail do none other work, save the work which I shall com
mand him. And I will meke him great in mine eyes: for ke
shu!l do my work. And he shall he great like unto Moses,
whom [have said 1 would raise up unto you, todeliyer my

 

 

 
  

a

 
