cry from the dust; yea, even répentance unto their brethren,
even that afler many generations have gone by them. And it
shall come to pass that their ery shall go, even according to the
simpleness of their words. Because of their faith, their words
shall proceed forth out of my mouth unto their brethren, which
are the fruit of thy loins; and the weakness of their words
will I make strong in their faith, unto the remembering of my
covenant which | made unto thy fathers.

And now, behold, my son Joseph, after this manner did my
father of old prophesy. Wherefore, because of this covenant,
thou art blessed: for thy seed shall not be destroyed, for they
shall hearken unto the words af the Book. And there shall
raise ap ones mighty among them, which shall do much good,
both iq 7ord and in deed, being an instrument in the hands of |
God, wih execeding faith, to work mighty wonders, and do
that thing which is great in the sight of God, unto the bring
ing to pass much restoration unto the House of Isracl, and unto
the seed of thy brethren. And now, blessed art thou, Joseph,
Behold, thou art little ; wherefore, hearken unto the words of
thy brother Nephi, and it shall be done unto thee, even accor
ding to the words which I have spoken. Remember the words
of thy dying father. Anien. i

CHAPTER IIL.

Anp now, I, Nephi, speak concerning the prophecies of
which my father lath spoken, concerning Joseph, who was
carried into Egypt: For behold, he truly prophesied concer
ning all his seed. And the prophecies which he wrote, ther
are not many greater, And he prophesied concerning us, and
our future generations; and they are written upon the plate
of brass. Wherefore, after my father had made an end al
speaking conccrning the prophecies of Joseph, he called the
children of Laman, his sons, and his daughters, and sayeth.
unto them, Behold, my sons, and my daughters, which are the
sons and the daughters of my first born, J would that ye shoulé
give car unto my words: for the Lord God hath said, That
imasmuch as ye shall keep my commandments, ye shall pros
per in the land; and inasmuch as ye will not keep my com>
mandments, ye shall be cut off from my presence. But be-
hold, my sons and my daughters, 1 cannot go down to my
