notwithstanding the great. goodness of the Lord, in showing
me his great and marvellous works, my heart exclaimeth, 0
wretched man that i am; yea, my heart sorroweth, because of
my fiesb. My soul grieveth, because of mine iniquities. |
am encompassed abont, because of the temptations and the
sins which doth so easily besct me. And when I desire to
rejoice, my heart groaneth because of my sins ; nevertheless,
J know in whom have trusted. My God hath been my sup-
port; he hath led me through mine afflictions in the wilder.
ness; and he hath preserved me upon the waters of the great
deep. He hath filled me with his love, even unto the consu-
ming of my flesh, He hath confounded minc enemies, unto
the causing of them to quake before me. Behold, he bath
he cry by day, and he hath given me knowledge: by
visions in the mght time. And by day have I waxed bold in
mighty prayer before him; yea, my voice have I sent upon
high; and angels came down and ministered unto me. And
upon the wings of his spirit hath my body been carried away
upon exceeding high mountains, And mine eyes hath beheld
great things; yca, even too great for man; therefore ] was

bidden that I should not write them. O then, if I have seen !

80 great things; if the Lord-in his condescension unto. the
children of men, hath visited men in so much merey, why
should my heart weep, and my soul linger in the valley of sor-
row, and my flesh waste away, and my strength slacken, be-
cause of mine afflictions? And why should I yield to sin, be-
cause of my flesh? Yea, why should I give way to tempta-
tions, that the eyil one have place in my heart, to destroy my
peace and afflict my soul? Why am I angry because of mine
enemy? Awake, my soul! No longer droop in sin. Rejoice
O my beart, and give place no more for the enemy of my soul.

 

Do not anger again, because of mine enemies. Do not slacken |

my strength, because of mine afflictions. Rejoice, O my heart,
and cry unto the Lord, and say, O Lord, I will praise thee

forever; yea, my soul will rejoice in thee, my God, and the.

rock of my salvation. O Lord, wilt thou redeem my soul?
Wilt thou deliver me out of the hands of mine enemies 4 Wilt
thou make me that 1 may shake at the appearance of sin?
May the gates of hell be shut continually before me, because
that my heart is broken and my spirit is contrite? O Lord,
wilt thou'not shut the gates of thy righteousness before me,
that I may walk in the path of the low valley, that 1 may be
strict in the plain read? O Lord, wilt thou encircle me around
