space of many days. And after that we had jouraied for the
space of many days, we did pitch our tents. And my people
would that we should call the name of the place Nephi; where.
fore, we did call it Neph’ And all they which were with ine,
did take it upon them to call themselves the people of Nephi,
And we did observe to keep the judgments, and the statutes,
and the commandments of the Lord, in all things, according
to the law of Moses. And the Lord was with us; and we
did prosper exceedingly ; for we did sow seed, and we did
reap again inabundance. And we began to raise flocks, and
herds, and animals of every kind. And T, Nephi, had also
brought the records which were engraven upon the plates of
brass; and also the ball, or compass, which was prepared for
my father, by the hand of the Lord, avcording to that whieh is -
written. j
And it came to pass that we began to prosper exceedingly,
~ and to multiply in the land. And J, Nephi, did take the sword
of Laban, and after the manner of it did make many swords, |
lest by any means the people which were now called Laman-
ites, should core upon us and destroy us: for I knew their
hatred towards me and my children, and they which were
called my people. And I did teach my people, that they
should build buildings ; and that they should work in all man-_
ner of wood, and of iron, and of copper, and of brass, and of °
steel, and of gold, and of silver, and of precious ores, whick |
were in great abundance. And 1, Nephi, did build a temple;
and I did construct it after the manner of the temple of Solo-_
mon, save it were not built of so many precious things : for
they were not to be found upon the land; wherefore, it. could |

 

r ? a
not be built like unto Solomon's temple. Bui the manner of _

the construction was like unto the temple of Solomon; and
the workmanship thereof was exceeding fine.

And it came to pass that I, Nephi, did cause my people that
they should be industrious, and that they should labor with
theirhands. And it came to pass that they would that { should
he their King. But I, Nephi, was desirons that they should
have no King; nevertheless, I did do for them according to
that which was in my power. And behold, the words of the
Lord had been fiulfilled unto my brethren, which he spake
concerning them, that I should he their ruler and their teacher;
wherefore, I had been their ruler and their teacher, aecording
to the commandments of the Lord, uniil the time that they
sought to take away my life. Whorefore, the word of the
