cast thee off forever ? For thus saith the Lord: Where is a
hill of your mother’s divorcement? To whom have I put thes
away, or to which of my creditors have I sold you? Yea, iy
whom have [ sold you? Behold, for your iniquities have je
sold yourselves, and for your transgressions. is your mothe
put away; wherefore, when I come, there was no man; wh
4 called, yea, there was none to answer. ?
© House of Israel, is my hand, shortened at all that it can.
not redeem, or have Ino power to deliver? Behold, at ny x
buke, I dry up the sea, | make their rivers a wilderness an}
their fish to stink, because the waters are dried up; and they
die because of thirst. I clothe the heavens with blackness,
and I make sackcloth their covering. The Lord God hat
given me the tongue of the learned, that ] should know how tp
speak @ word in season unto thee, O House of Israel. Wher
ye are weary, he waketh morning by morning. He waketh
mine car to hear as the learned. The Lord God hath appoint
ed mine ear, and I was not rebellious, neither turned away
back. I gave my back to the smiter, and my cheeks to them
that plucked off the hair. I hid not my face’ from shame and
spitting, for the Lord God will help me: therefore shall Fino!
‘be confounded. "Therefore have I set my face like a flint
and I know that I shall not be ashamed; and the Lord is neat,
and he justifieth me. Who will contend with me? Jet us stand
together. Who is mine adversary ? let him come near me, and
1 will smite him with the strength of my mouth: for the Lord
God will help me. And all they which shall condemn me, be-
hold, all they shall wax old as a garment, and the moth shall
eat them up. "
Who is among you that feareth the Lord; that obeyeth the
voice of his servant; that walketh in darkness, and hath no
light? Behold, all ye that kindleth fire, that compass’ your
selves about with sparks: walk in the light of your fire. and in
the sparks which ye have kindled. This shall'ye have of mine
hand: Yc shall lie down in sorrow. Hearken unto Ine, ye
that follow after righteousness: Look unto the rock from
whence ye are hewn, and to the hole of the pit from whence
¥e are digged. Look unto Abraham, your father; and unto
Sarah, she that bare you: for Ecalled him alone, and blessed
him. For the Lord shall comfort Zion: he will comfort all
hex waste places ; and he will make her wildernesss like Eden.)
and her desert like the garden of the Lord. Joy and gladness
shall be found thercin, thanksgiving and the voice of melody.

 
