know, thatin the body he shall shew himself unto they at Je-
resalem, from whence we came; for itis expedient that it.
shouldbe among them; for it bchoveth the Great Creator that
he sufereth himself to become subject unto man, in the flesh,
and die for all men, that all men might become subject unto
him: For as death hath passed upon all mea, to fulfil the
merciful plan of the Great Creator, there must needs be a
power of resurrection, and the resurrection must needs come
unto man by reason of the fall; and the fall came by reason
of ansgression; and because man becaine fallen, they were
cut off from the presence of the Toord; wherefore it must
needs be an imfinite atonement; save it should be an infinite
atonement, this corruption could not put on incorruption.
Wherefore, the firet judgment which came upon man, must
needs have remained to an endless duration. And if so, this
fleshmust have laid down to rot and to crumble to its mother
earth, 10 rise no more.

O the wisdom of God! his mercy and grace! For be-
hold, if the fesh should rise no more, our spirits must become
subject to that Angel which fell from before the presence of
the Rternal God, and became the Devil, to rise no more. And
our spirits must have become like unto him, and we become
Devils, Angels to a Devil, to be shut out from the pres-
ence of our God, and to remain with the father of lies, in mis-
ery, like unto himself; yea, to that being who beguiled our
frst parents; who transformeth himself nigh unto an angel of
light, and stirreth up the children of men unto secret com-
binations of murder, and all msnner of secret works of
darkness.

O how great the goodness of our God, who prepareth a
way for our escape from the grasp of this awful monster ;
yea, that monster, death and hell, which I call the death of the
body, and also the death of the spirit. And because of the
way of deliverance of our God, the Holy One of fsrael, this
death, of which 1 have spoken, which is the temporal, shall
deliver up its dead ; which death is the grave. And this death
of which I have spoken, which is the spiritual death, shall de-
liver up its dead ; which spiritual death is hell; wherefore,
death and hell must deliver up its dead, and hell must deliver
up its captive spirits, and the grave must deliver up its cap-
tive bodies, and the bodies and the spirits OF men will he re-
stored, ene to the other; and itis by the power of the resur-
rection of the Holy One of Isracl.
