svomen and children, which belong to the family of Adam.—
And he suiereth this, that the resurrection might pass upon all
men, that all night stand before him, at the great and judg-
ment day, And he commandeth all men that they must re-
pent, and be baptised in his name, having perfect faith in the
Holy One of Israel, or they cannot be saved in the Kingdom
of God. And if they will not repent and believe in his name,
and be baptised in his name, and endure to the end, they must
be dumned; for the Lord God, the Holy One of Israel, hath
spoken it ; wherefore he hath given a law; and where there
is no law given, there is no punishment ; and where there is
no punishinent, there is no condemnation ; and where there is
no condemuation, the mercies of the Holy One of Isract hath
claim upon them, because of the atonement: for they are de-
livered by the power of him: for the atonement satisfieth the
demands of his justice upon all those who have not the law
given to them, that they are delivered from that awful mon-
ster, death and hell, and the Devil, and the lake of fire and
brimstone, which is endless torment; and they are restored
to that God who fave them breath, which is the Holy One
of Israel. , .

But wo onto him that hath the law given; yea, that hath all
the commandments of God, like unto us, and that transgress-
eth them, and that wasteth the days of his probation: for aw-
ful is his state ! t

O that cunning plan of the evil one! O the vainness, and
the frailties, and the foolishness of men! When they are
learned, they think they are wise, and they hearken not unto
the counsel of God, for they set it ‘aside, supposing they
know of themselves. Wherefore, their wisdom is foolishness,
and it profiteth them’ not. Wherefore they shall perish.

But to be learned is good, if it yo be that they hearken unto
the counsels of God. But wo unto the rich, which are rich
as to the things of the world. For because that they are rich,
they despise the poor, and they persecute the meek, and their
hearts are upon their treasures; wherefore their treasure is
dheir God. And behold, their treasure shall perish with them
also, And wo unto the deaf, that will not hear: forthey shall
perish. Wo unto the blind, that will not see: for they shall
perish also, Wo unto the uncircuncised of heart: for a
knowledge of their iniquities shall smite them at the Jast day.
Wo unto the iar: for he shall be thrust down to hell. Wo
unto the murderer, who deliberately killeth: for he shall die.

  

 
