Wo unto them who commit whoredoms: for they shall he
thrust down to hell. Yea, wo unto they that worship Idols:
for the Devil of all Devils delighteth in them. And, in fine, yo
unto all they that die in their sins: for they shall return i
God, and beboid his face, and remain in their sins.

QO, my beloved brethren, remember the awfulness in trans
gressing against that holy God, and also the awfulness of yiel
ding to the enticings ef that cunning onc. Remember, ‘to he
carnally minded, is death, and to be spiritually minded, is lif
eternal,

O, my beloved brethren, give car to my words. Remembe
the greatness of the Holy Onc of Israel. Do not say thal
have spoken hard things against you: for if ye do, ye willre.
vile against the truth: for I have spoken the words of yor
Maker. I know that the words of truth are hard against a
uneleanness ; but the righteous fear it not, for they love th:
truth, and are not shaken.

O then, my beloved brethren, come unto the Lord, the Holy
Onc. Remember that his paths are righteousness. Beholt,
the way for man is narrow, but it lieth in a straight course be
fore him, and the keeper of the gate is the Holy One of Israel:
and he employeth no servant there ; and there is none othe
way, save it be by the gate, for he cannot be deceived ; for tle
Lord God is his name. And whoso knocketh,'to him will lk
open, and the wise, and the learned, and they that are rich,
which are puffed up because of ‘their learning, and their wis
dom, and their riches; yea, they are they, whom he despiseth;
and save they shall cast these things away, and consider then:
selves fools before God, and come down in the depths of hv
mility, he will not open unto them. But the things of the wis
and the prudent, shall be hid from them forever ; yea, that hap
piuess which is prepared for the Saints. O my beloved breth-
ven, remember my words: Behold, | take off my garments |
and I shake them before you: | pray the God of my salvation
that he view me with his All-searching eye; wherefore, ye
shall know at the last-day, when ail men shall be, judged ol
their works, that the God of Israel did witness that T shook
your iniquities from my soul, and that [ stand with brightnes
‘before him, and am rid of your blood.

OQ my beloved brethren, turn away from your sins; shake
off the chains of him that would bind you fast; come uni
that God which is the rock of your salvation. Prepare yout
souls for thet glorious day, when justice shall be administerel

 
