%
J will do unto them while they are in the flesh, F must needs
destroy the secret works of darkness, and of murders, and of
abominations ; wherefore, he that fighteth against Zion, both
Jew and Gentile, both bond and free, both male and female,
shall perish: for they are they which are the whore of ell the
earth; forthey which are not for me, are against me, saith our
God. For i will fulfil my promises which I have made ante
the children of men, that I will do unto them while they are in
the flesh. Wherefore, my beloved brethren, thus saith our
God: I will afflict thy seed by the hand of the Gentiles; ne+
yertheless, I will soften the hearts of the Gentiles, that they
shall be like unto a father to them ; wherefore, the Gentiles
shall be blessed and numbered among the Honse of Israch—
Wherefore, I will consecrate this land unto thy seed and they
which shall be numbered among thy seed, forever, for the
land of their inheritance: For it is a choice land, saith God
unto me, aboye all other lands ; wherefore, I will have all men
_that dwell thereon, that they shall worship me, saith God.
And now, my beloved brethren, secing that our merciful
God hath given us so great knowledge concerning these things,
ict us remember him, and lay aside our sins, and not hang
down our heads, for we are not cast off; nevertheless, we
haye been driven out of the land of our inheritance; but we
have been led to a better land: for the Lord hath made the
sca our path, and we are upon an isle of the sea. But great is
the promises of the Lord unto they which are upon the isles
af the sea; wherefore, as it sayeth isles, there must needs be
more than this; and they are inhabited also by our brethren.
Por behold, the Lord God hath led away from time to time:
from the House of Israel, according to his will and pleasure.
And now, behold, the Lord remembereth all they which have .
been broken off; wherefore, he remembereth us also. There-
fore cher up your hearts, and remember that ye are free to
act for yourselves: to choose the way of everlasting death,
or the way of eternal life, Wherefore, my beloved brethren,
reconcile yourselves to the will of God, and not to the will of
the Devil and the flesh; and remember that afler ye are re-
conciled unto God, that itis only in and through the grace of
God that ye are saved. .Wherefore, may God raise you from
death, by the power of the‘ resurrection ;-and also from ever-
lasting death, by the power of the atonement,*that ye may be
received into the Eternal Kingdom of God, tlfat ye may praise
him through Grace Divine. Amen.
