CHAPTER VIL

Axp now Jacob spake many more things to my people x
that time; nevertheless, only these things have I caused tobe
Written: for the things which I Lave written, suiliceth me,

And now 1, Nephi, write more of the words of Isaiah: for
my soul dvlighteth in his words. For I will liken his work
uuto my people; and I will send them forth unto all my chik
dren: for he verily saw my Redeemer, even as 1 have Seen
him. Anid’my brother Jacob also hath seen him as I haye
scen him; wherefore, I will send their words forth unto my
children, to prove unto them that my words are true. W hens
fore, by the words of three, God hath said, I will establish ny
word. Nevertheless, God sendeth more Witnesses ; and he
proveth all his words. Behold, my soul delighteth in proving
unto my people the truth of the coming of Christ : for, for the
end hath the law of Moses been given; and all things whieh
have been given of God from the beginning of the world, unty
man, are the typifying of him. And also, my soul delightel
in the covenants of the Lord which be hath made to ourfe
thers; yea, my soul delighteth in his grace, and his justice,
and power, and mercy, in the great and eternal plan of del-
verance from death. “And my soul delighteth in proving unio
my people, that save Christ should come, all men must perish,
For if there be no Christ, (here be no God; and if there k
no God, we are not, for there could have been no creation—
But there is a God, and he is Christ; and he cometh in tle
fulness of his own time,

And now, I write some of the words of Isaiah, that whos
of my people which shall see these words, may lift up their
hearts and rejoice for all men. Now, these are ihe words;
and ye may liken them unto you, and unto all men,

The word that Isaiah, the son of Amoz, saw, concerniiy
Judah and Jerusalem: And it shall come to pass in the las.
days, when the mountain of the Lord’s house shall be esta
lished in the top of the mountains, and shall be exalted abo.
the hills, and all nations shall flow unto it, and many people
shall go and say, Come ye, and let us go up to the mountain
of the Lord, to the house of the God of Jacob; and he will
teach us of his ways, and we will walk in his paths : for out
of Zion shall go forth the law, and the word of the Lord frew
Jerusalem. And he shall judge among the nations, and shell
tebuke many poople: and they shall heat their swords inte
