plough-shares, and their spears into pruning hooks : nation

shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn

war any more. O house of Jacob, come ye and jet us walk *
in the light of the Lord; yea, come, for ye have all gone

astray, every one to his wicked ways.

Thcrefore, O Lord, thou hast forsaken thy people, the house
of Jacob, because they be replenished from the cast, and.
hearken unto soothsayers like the Philistines, and they please.
themselves in the children of strangers. Their Jand also is
full of silver and gold, neither is there any end of ‘their trea-
sures; their Jand is also fill of horses, neither is there any
end of their chariots: their land also is full of idols; they
worship the work of their own hands,—that which their own
fingers have made: and the mean man boweth down, and the
great man humbleth himself not: therefore forgive him not.

. Oye wicked ones, enter into the rock, and hide thee in the
dust, for the fear of the Lord, and the glory of his majesty
shal] smite thee. And it shall come to pass that the lofty looks
of man sball be humbled, and the haughtiness of men shall
be bowed down, and the Lord alone shall be exalted in that
day. For the day of the Lord of hosts soon cometh upon all
nations ; yea, upon every one; yea, upon the proud and lofty,
and upon every one which is Jifted up; and he shall be brought
low: yea, and the day of the Lord shall come upon all the ce-°
dars of Lebanon, for they are high and lifted up; and upon
all the oaks of Bashan, and upon all the high mountains, and
upon all the hills, and upon all the nations which are lifted up,
and upon every people, and upon every high tower, and upon
every fenced wall, and upon all the ships of the sea, and upon
all the ships of Tarshish, and upon all pleasant pictures. And
the loftiness of man shall be howed down, and the haughtiness
of men shall be made low: and the Lord alone shall be exalted
in that day. And the idols he shall utterly abolish. And
they shall go into the holes of the rocks, and into the caves of
the earth, for the fear of the Lord shall come upon them; and
the glory of his majesty shall smite them, when he ariseth to
shake terribly the earth. In that day a man shall cast his
idols of silver, and his idols of gold, which he hath made for
himself to worship, to the moles and to the bats; to go into
the clefts of the rocks, and into the tops of the ragged rocks,
for the fear of the Lord shall come upon them, and the majesty
2° bis glory shall smite them when he ariseth to shake terribly
