SECOND BOOK OF NEPHI. = so
"yer their secret parts. In that day the Lord will take away
the bravery of tinkling ornaments, and cauls, and round tires
like the moon, the chains, and the bracelets, and the mufflers,
the bonnets, and the ornaments of the legs, and the head-bands,.
and the tablets, and the ear-rings, the rings, and nose-jewels,
the changeable suits of apparel, and the mantles, and the wim-
les, and the crisping-pins, the glasses, and the fine linen, and
hoods, and the vail.
And it shall come to pass, instead of swect smell, ther
shall be stink ; and instead of a girdle, arent; and instead
well set hair, baldness ; and instead of a stomacher, a girding
of sackeloth: burning-instead of beauty. ‘Thy men shall fall
by the sword, and thy mighty in the war. And her gates shall.
lament and mourn; and she shall be desolate, and shall. sit
upon the ground.
‘And in that day, seven women shall take hold of one man,
-saying, We will eat our own bread, and wear our own apparel =
only let us-be. called by thy name, to take away our reproach.
In that day shall the branch of the Lord be beautiful and glo-
rious; the fruit of the earth excellent and comely to them —
that are escaped of Israel. i
And it shall come to pass, them that are left in Zion, and
remaineth in Jerusalem, shall be called holy, every one that is
written among the living in Jerusalem: when the Lord shalf
have washed away the filth of the daughters of Zion, and shalt
have purged the blood of Jerusalem from the midst thereof by
the spirit of judgment, and by the spirit of burning. And f
Lord will create upon every dwelling-place of mount Zion, and
upon her assemblies, a cloud and smoke by day, and the shi-
ning of a flaming fire by night: for upon all the glory of Zion
shall be a defence. And there shall be a tabernacle for a
shadow in the day time from the heat, and for a re~_
fuge, and a covert from storm and from rain. Fae
And then willl sing to my well beloved a song of my below
ved touching his vineyard. My well-beloved hath a vineyard
in a very fruitful hill: and he fenced it, and gathered out the —
stones thereof, and planted it with the choicest vine, and built
a tower in.the midst of it, and also made a wine-press therein :
and he looked that it should bring forth grapes, and it brought _ -
forth wild grapes. And now, O inhabitants of Jerusalem, and
men of Judah, judge, I pray you, betwixt me and my vineyard.
What could have been done more to my vineyard, that. have.
