bis hand, which he had taken with the tongs from off the altar:
and he laid it upon my mouth, and said, Lo, this has touched
thy lips; and thine iniquity is taken away, and thy sin purged,
Also | heard the yoice of the Lord, saying, Whom shall 1 send,
and who will go for us? Then I said, Here 1; send me.
And he said, Go, and tell this people, Hear ye indeed, but
they understand not; and see ye indeed, but they perceived
not. Make the heart of this people fat, and mate their ears
heavy, and shut their eyes; lest they see with their eyes, and
hear with their ears, and understand with their heart, and
convert, and be healed. ‘Then said J, Lord, how long? And
he said, Until the-cities be wasted without inhabitant, and the

houses without man, and the land be utterly desolate ; and the |
Lord have removed men far away, for there shall be a great |

forsaking in the midst of the land,
But yet in it there shall be a tenth, and they shall return,
aud shall be eaten: as a teil-tree, and as an oak whose sub-

seed shall be the substance thereof.
And it came to pass in the days of Ahaz the son of Jotham,

the son of Uzziah, king of Judah, and Rezin, king of Syria,

and Pekah the son of Remaliah, king of Israel, went up towards
Jerusalem to war against it, but could not prevail against it,
And it syas told the house of David, saying, Syria is confede-
rate with Ephraim. And his heart was moved, and the heart
of his people, as the trecs of the wood are moved with the
wind., Then said the Lord unto Isaiah, Go forth now to meet
haz, thou, and Shearjashub thy son, at the end of the con-
duit of the upper pool in the highway of the fuller’s field; and
say unto him, Take heed, and be quiet; fear not, neither he
faint-hearted for the two tails of these smoking fire-brands, for
the fierce anger of Rezin with Syria, and of the son of Rema-
lah. Because Syria, Ephraim, and the son of Remaliah, have
taken eyil counsel against thee, saying, Let us go up against
Judah, and vex it, and let us make a breach therein for us,
and set a king in the midst of it, yea the son of Tabeal: thus
saith the Lord God, it shall not stand, neither shall it come to
pass. For the head of Syria is Damascus, and the head of

amascus, Rezin: and within threescore and five years shalt
Epbraim be broken, that it be not a people. And the head
of Ephraim is Samaria, and the head of Samaria is Remaliah’s
son, If ye will not helieve, surcly ye shall not be established.

Moreover, the Lord spake again unto Ahaz, saying, Ask

|

stance is-in them, when they cast their leaves: so the holy
