thee a sign of the Lord thy God; ask it cither in the depths, or
jn the heights above. But Ahaz said, 1 will not ask, neither
will [tempt the Lord. And he said, Hear ye now, O house
of David; Is it a small thing for you to weary men, but will
ye weary my God also? Therefore the Lord himself shall
give you A sign: Behold, a virgin shall conceiye, and shall
bear a son, and shall call bis name Immanuel. Butter and
honey shal! he eat, that he may know to refuse the evil, and
to choose the good. For before the child shall know to refuse
the evil and choose the good, the land that thou abhorrest shall
be forsaken of both her kings.

The Lord shall bring upon thee, and upon thy people, and
upon thy father’s house, days that have not come, from the
day that Ephrann departed from Judah, the king of Assyria.
And it shall come to pass in that day, that the Lord shall hiss
for the fly that is in the uttermost part of Egypt, and for the
bee that isin the land of Assyria. And they shall come, and
shall rest all of them in the desclate valleys, and in the holes
of the rocks, and upon all thorns, and upon all bushes. In
the same day shall the Lord shave with a razor that is hired,
by them beyond the siver, by the king of Assyria, the head,
and the hair of the feet: and it shall also consume the beard.
And it shall come to pass in that day, a man shall nourish
a young cow, and two sheep; and it shali come to pass, for
the abundance of milk they shall give, he shall eat butter: for
butter and honey shall every one eat that is left in the Jand.—
And it shall come to pass in that day, every place shall be,
where there were a thousand vines at a thousand silveriings,
which shall be for briers and thorns. With arrows and with
bows shall men come thither; because all the land shall be-
come briers and thorns. And all hills that shail be digged
with the mattock, there shall not come thither the fear of bri-
ers and thorns: but it shall be for the sending forth of oxen,
and the treading of lesser cattle.

Moreover, the word of the Lord said unto me, Take thee a
great roll, and write in it with a man’s pen concerning Maher-
shalal-hash-baz. And I took unto me faithful witnesses to re-
cord, Uriah the priest, and Zechariah the son of Jeberechiah.
And I went unto the prophetess; and she conceived and bear
a son. ‘Then said the Lord to me, Call his name Maher-
shalal-hash-haz, For bebold, the child shall not have knowl-
edce to cry, My father, and my mother, before the riches of

 

 
