Damascus and the spoil of Samaria shall be taken away be
fore the king of Assyria.

‘The Lord spake also unto me again, saying, Forasmuch ay

this people refuseth the waters of Shiloal that go softly, anj
rejoice in Rezin und Remaliah’s son; now therefore, behold,
the Lord bringeth up upon them the waters of the river, strong
and many, even the king of Assyria, and all his glory: and he
shall come up over all his channels, and go over all his banks:
and he shall pass through Judah; he shall overflow and Bo
over, he shall reach even to the neck; and the stretching out
of his wings shall fill the breadth of thy land, O Immanuel,
; Associate yourselves, O ye people, and ye shall be brokey
inpicces ; and give car all ye of far countries : gird yourselves,
and ye shall be broken in pieces; gird yourselves, and ye
shall be broken in picecs. Take counse) together and it shall
come to nopght; speak the word, and it shall’ not stand: for
God is with us.

For the Lord spake thus to me with a strong hand, and in.
structed me that I should not walk in the way of this people,
saying, Say ye nol, A confederacy, to all to whom this people
shall say, A confederacy ; neither fear ye their fear, nov be
afraid. Sanctify the Lord of hosts himself, and let him be
your fear, and let lim be your drcad. And he shall be fora
sanctuary ; but for a stone of stumbling and for a rock of of
fence to both the Houses of Israel, for a gin and a snare to the
inhabitants of Jerusalem. And many among them shall stum
ble, and fall, and be broken, and be snared, and be taken,—
Bind up the testimony, seal the law among iy disciples, And
I will wail upon the Lord, that hideth his face from the house
of Jacob, and 1 will look for him. Behold, | and the children
whom the Lord hath given me are for signs aud for wonders |
in Tsracl from the Lord of hosts, which dielleth in mount.
Zion,

' And when they shall say unto you, Seek unto them that”
haye familiar spirits, and unto wizards that peep, and mutter:
should not a people seek unto their God? for the living to hear
from the dead? to the law and to the testimony : and if they speak
not according to this word, it is because there isnolight in them,
And they shall pass through it, hardly bestead and hungry:
and it shall come to pass, that when they shall be hungry, ‘hey
shall fret themselves, and curse their king and their God, and
touk upward. And they shall look unto the earth; and be-

 
