thoth. Madmenah is removed ; the inhabitants of Gebim gather
themselves to flee. As yet shal) he remain at Nob that day;
hie shall shake: his hand against the mount of the daughter of
Zion, the hillof Jerusalem. Behold, the Lord, the Lord of
hosts shall lop the bough with terror; and the high ones of
Stature shall be hewn down, and the haughty shall be humbled,
And he shalt cut down the thickets of the forests with iron,
and Lebanon shall fall by a mighty one.

And there shall come forth a rod out of the stem of Jesse,
and 2 branch shall grow out of his roots ; and the spirit of the
Lord shall rest upon him, the spirit of wisdom and understan.
ding, the spirit of counsel and might, the spirit of knowledge
and of the fear of the Lord ; and shall make himof quick under
standing in the fear of the Lord; and he shall not judge after
the sight of his eyes, neither reprove after the hearing of his
ears: but with righteousness shall he judge the poor, and re
prove with equity forthe meck of the earth: and he shall smite |
the earth with the rod of his mouth, and with the breath of his
fips shall hé slay the wicked, And righteousness shall be the
girdle of his loins, and faithfulness the girdle of his reins. The
wolf also shall dwell with the lamb, and the leopard shall lie
down with the kid; and the calf and the young lion and the
fatling together; and a little child shall lead them. And the
cow and the bear shall feed; their young ones shall lie down”
together; and the lion shall eat straw like the ox. And the
sucking child shall play on the hole of the asp, and the wea-
ned child shall put his hand on the cockatrice’s den. They
shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain: for the
earth shail be full of the knowledge of the Lord, as the waters
cover the sea.

And in that day there shall be a root of Jesse, which shall
stand for an ensign of the people; to it shall the Gentiles seek:
and his rest shall be glorious. And it shall come to pass in
that day, that the Lord shall set his hand again the second
tine to recover the remnant of his people, which shall be left
from Assyria, and from Egypt, and from Pathros, and from
Cush, and from Elam, and from Shinar, and from Hamath,
and from the isiands of the sea, And he shall set up an en-
sign for the nations, and shall assemble the outcasts of: Israel,
and gather together the dispersed of Judah from the four cor-
ners of the earth, The envy of Ephraim also shall depart, and
the adversaries of Judah shall be cut off: Ephraim shali not
envy Judah, and Judah shall not vex Epluaim. But they

 

 

 

 
