shall fly npon the shoulders of the Philistines toward the west;
they shall spoil them of the east together ; they shall lay their
hand upon Edom and Moab; and the children of Ammon
shall obey them. And the Lord shall utterly destroy the tongue
of the Egyptian sea; and with his mighty wind he shall shake
his hand over the river, and shall smite it in the seven streams;
and make men go over dry shod. And there shall be a high-,
way for the remnant of his people, which shall be left, from
Assyria, like us it was to Isracl im the day that he came up
out of the Jand of Egypt.

And in that day thou shalt say, O Lord, I will praise thee;
though thou wast angry with me, thine anger is turned away,
and thou comfortedst me, Behold, God is my salvation; 1
will trast, and not be afraid: for the Lord JEHOVAH is my
strength and my song; he also isbecome my salvation. There-
fore with joy shall ye draw water out of the wells of salvation.
And in that day shall ye say, Praise the Lord, call upon his
name, declare his doings among the people, make mention
that his name is exalted. Sing unto the Lord; for he hath
done excellent things : this is known in all the earth. Cry
out and shout, thou inhabitant ef Zion; for great is the Holy
One of Isracl in the midst of thee.

CHAPTER X.

Tap burden of Babylon, which Isaiah the son of Amoz did.
see. Lift ye up a banner upon the high mountain, exali the
voice unto them, shake the hand, that they may go into the
gates of the nobles. 1 have commanded my sanctified ones,
Thave also called my mighty ones, for mine anger is not upon
them that rejoice in my highness. The noise of the multitude
in the mountains like as of a great people; a tumultuous noise
of the kingdoms of nations gathered together: the Lord of
hosts mustereth the hosts of the battle. They come from a
far country, from the end of heaven, yea, the Lord, and the
weapons of his indignation, to destroy the whole land.

How] ye; for the day of the Lord is at hand: it shall come
as a destruction from the Almighty. Therefore shall all hands
be faint, every man’s heart shall: melt; and they shall be
alraid ; pangs and sorrows shall take hold of them ; they shall
be amazed one at another; their faces shall be as flames.—
