. servants and handmaids: and they shall take them captives,
unto whom they were captives; and they shall rule over their
oppressors. And it shall come to pass in that day that. the
Lord shall give thee rest from thy serraw, and from thy fear,
and from the hard bondage wherein thou wast made to serve.

‘And it shall come to pass in that day, that thon shalt take
up this proverb against the king of Babylon, and say, How
hath the oppressor ceased, the golden city ceased! The Lord
hath broken the staff of the wicked, the sceptres of the rulers.
He who smote the people m wrath with a continual stroke,
he that ruled the nations in anger, is persecuted, and none
hindereth. ‘The whole carth is at rest, and is quiet: they
break forth into singing. Yea, the fir-trees rejoice at thee,
and also the cedars of Lebanon, saying, Since thou art laid
down, no feller is come up against us, Hell from beneath is
moved for thee to meet ihee at thy coming: it stirreth up the
dead for thee, even all the chief ones of the earth: it hath
raised up from their thrones all ihe kings of the nations. All
they shal] speak and say unto thee, Art thou also become weak
as we? Art thou become like unto us? ‘Thy pomp is brought
down to the grave; the noise of thy viols is not heard: the
worm is spread under thee, and the worms cover thee. How
art thou fallen from heaven, O Lucifer, son of the morning!
Art thou cut down to the ground, which did weaken the na-
tions! For thou hast said in thy heart, I will ascend into
heaven, J will exalt my throne above the stars of God: 1 will
sit also upon the mount of the congregation, in the sides of
the north; I will ascend above the heights of the clouds; ]
will be like the Most High. Yet thou shalt be brought down
to hiell, to the sides of the pit. They that see thee shall nar-
rowly look upon thee, and shall consider thee, and shall say, Is
this the man that made the earth to tremble, that did shake
kingdoms, and made the world as a wilderness, and destroyed
the cities thereof, and opened not ihe house of his prisoners ¢
All the kings of the nations, yea, all of them, lie in glory, eve-
ry one of them in his own house. But thou art cast out of”
ihy grave like an abominable branch, and the remnant of those
that are slain, thrust through with a sword, that go down to
the stones of the pit; as a carcass trodden under feet. Thou
shalt not be joined with them in burial, because thou hast de-
stroyed thy land, and slain thy people: the seed of eyil-doers
shall never be renowned. Prepare slaughter for his children
for the iniquities of their fathers ; that they do not rise, nox
