spirit which isin me. And notwithstanding! that they have
becn carried away, they shalt return again, and possess the
Jand of Jerusalem ; wherefore they shall be restored again to
the Iands of their inheritance. But, behold, they shall have.
wars, and rumors of wars; and when the day cometh that the
enly begotten of the Father, yea, even the Father of heaven ani
of earth, shall manifest himself unto them in the flesh, behold,
they will reject him, because of their iniquities, and the hand.
ness of thetr hearts, and thestiffness of their necks. Behold they
will crucify him, and after that he is laid in a Sepulcher for
the space of three days, he shall rise from the dead, with heal.
ing in his wings, and all they that shall believe on his name,
shall be saved in the Kingdom of God ; wherefore, my soul de.
lighted to prophesy concerning him, for{il pave sccn his day,
and my heart doth maguify his holy name.

And behold it shall come to pass, that afterthe Messiah hath
risen frou the dead, ald hath manifested himself unto his
ple, unto as many as ‘will believe on his name, behold, Jer
salem shall be destroyed again: for wo unto them that fight
against God and the people of his church. Wherefore, the |
Jews shall be scattered among all nations; yea, and: also
Babylon shall be destroyed ; wherefore, the. Jews shall he
scattered by other nations; and after that Ahey have been
scattered, and the Lord God hath scourged them by other
nations, for the space of many generations, yea, even down
from generation to generation, until they shall be persuaded
to believe in Christ, the Son of God, and the atonement, which
is infinite for all mankind; and when that day shall come; that
they shall believe in Christ, und worship the father in hig
name, with pure hearts, and clean hands, and look not for
ward any more for another Messiah, then, at that time, the
day will come that it must needs be expedient that they should
believe these things, and the Lord will sct his hand again the sec
ond time to restore his people from their lost and fallen state
Wherefore, he will proceed to do a marvelous work, anda
wonder among the children of men,

Wherefore, he shall bring forth his words unto them, which
words shall judge them at the last day, for they shall be given
them for the purpose of convincing them of the true Messiah,
who was rejected by them; and unto the convincing of them
that they need not look forward any more for a Messiah to
come, for there should not any come, save it shOuld be a false
Messiah, which should deecive tbe people: for there is save

 

 

 
