do iniquity, stay yourselves and wonder, for ye shall cry oy,
and ery; yea, ye shall be drunken, but not with wine; ye shell
stagger, but not with strong drink : for bebold, the Lord bath
poured out upon you, the spirit of deep sleep. For behold, ye
haye closed your eyes, and ye have rejected the Prophets, ang
your rulers, and the seers hath he coyered because of you
iniguities.
And it shall come to pass, that the Lord God: shall bri
forth unto you, the words of a book, and they shall be the words
of them which have slumbered. — And behold, the book shalj
be sealed; and in the book shall be a revelation from God, from
the beginning of the world, to the ending thereof, Wherefore,
because of the things which are sealed up, the things which
are sealed, shall not be delivered in the day of the wickednes
and abominations of the people. Wherefore the bool: shall
be kept from them. But the book shall be delivered unto 4
Man, and he shall deliver the words of the book, which are
the words of they which have s!umbered in the dust; and he
shall deliver these words unto another; but the words which
are scaled, he shall not deliver, neither shall be deliver th
book. For the hook shall be sealed by the power of God, and
the revelation which was sealed, shall be kept in the book
until the own due time of the Lord, that they may come forth: |
for, behold, they reveal all things from the foundation of the
world, unto the end thereof. And the day cometh that the
words of the book which were sealed, shall be read upon the
house-tops ; and they shall be read by the power of Christ;
and all things shall be revealed unto the children of men which
eyer hath been among the children of men, and which ever
will be, even unto the end of the earth. Wherefore, at that
day when the book shall be delivered unto the man of whoml
have spoken, the book shall be hid from the eyes of the world,
that the eyes of none shall behold it, save it be that three wik
nesses shall behold it, by the power of God, besides him
whom the book shall be delivered; and they shall testify
the truth of the book, and the things therein. And there is
none other which shall view il, save it be a few, according to
the will of God, to bear testimony of his word unto the chik
dren of men: for the Lord God hath said, that the words @
the faithful should speak as if it were from the dead. Where
fore, the Lord God will proceed to bring forth the words af
the book; and in the mouth of as many witnesses as seemeth

 

 
