him good, will he establish bis word: and wo be unto him
that rejecteth the word of God.

But behold, it shall come to pass that the Lord God shall
say unto him to whom he shall deliver the book, Take these
words which are not sealed, and deliver them to another, that
he may shew them unto the learned, saying: Read this, } pray
thee. And the learned shall say, Bring hither the book, and I
will read them: and now, because of the glory of the world,
and to get gain, will they say this, and not for the glory of God.
And the man shall say, I cannot bring the book, for it is sea-
led. Then shall the learned say, I cannot read it. Where~
fore it shall come to pass, that the Lord God will deliver again
the book and the words thereof, to him that is not learned ;
and the man that is not learned, shall say, 1 am not learned.
Then shat] the Lord God say unto him, ‘The learned shall not
read them, for they have rejected them, and I am ale to do
mine own work; wherefore, thou shalt read the werds which
Ishall give unto thee. ‘Fouch not the things which are sea-
led, for I will bring them forth in minc own due time: for I
will shew unto the children of men, that I am able to do mine

wn work, Wherefore, when thou hast read the words which

Ihave commanded thee, and obtained the witnesses which T
have promistd unto thee, then shalt thou seal up the book
again, and hide it up unto me, that I may preserve the words
which thou hast not read, until I shall see fit in mine own wis-
dom, to reveal all’ things unto the children of men. For be-
bold, 1am God; and Tam a God of miracles ; and I will shew
unto the world that I am the same yesterday, to-day, and for-
ever; and I work not among the children of men, save it be
according to their faith.

And again it shall come to pass, that the Lord shall say unto
him that shall read the words that shall be delivered him, For
asmuch as this people draw near unto me with their mouth,
and with their hps do honor me, but have removed their hearts
far from me, and their fear towards me is taught by the pre-
cepts of men, therefore, 1 will proceed to do a marvellous
work among this people; yea, a marvellous work, and a won-
der: for the wisdom of their wise and learned shall perish,
aud the understanding of their prudent shall be hid. And wo
unto them that seek deep to hide their counsel from the Lord,
And their works are in the dark; and they say, Who seeth:
us; and who knoweth us? And they also say, Surely, your

turning of ‘has upside down, shall be esteemed as the pot
