that I remember one nation like unto another? wherefore, |
speak the same words unto one nation like unto another, An]
when the two nations shall run together, the testimony oi ike
two nations shall run together also, And I do this that bing
‘prove unto many, that ]am the same yesterday, to-day, ayj
forever; and that I speak forth my words according to ni
own pleasure. And because that 1 have spoken one word, ye
need not suppose that I cannot speak another: for my work
is not yet fimshed ; neither shall it be, until the end of may;
neither from thal time henceforth and forever.

Wherefore, because that ye have a Bible, ye need not sup.

_ pose that it contains all my words; neither need ye suppose
that I have not caused more to be written: for 1 command aij
men, both in the east, and in the west, and in the north, and ig
the south, and in the islands of the sea, that they shall wri
the words which | speak unto them: for out of the books
which shall be written, ] will judge the world, every man ay
cording to their works, according to that which is written
For behold, { shall speak unto the Jews, and they shall wat
it; and I shall also speak unto the Nephites, and they sial}
write it; and I shall also speak unto the other tribes of de
House of Israel, which I have led away, and they shall wri
it; and shall also speak unto all the nations of the earth, aul
they shall write it.

And it shall come to pass that the Jews shall have ile
words of the Nephites, and the Nephites shall have the worl
of the Jews; and the Nephites and the Jews shall have the
words of the lost tribes of Israel; and the lost tribes of Israd_
shall have the words of the Nephites and the Jews.

And it shall come to pass that my people which are of th:
House of Israel, shail be gathered home unto the lands of ther
ossessions; and my word also shall be gathered in one. Aud)
will shew unto them that fight against my word and again
my people, which are of the House of Israel, that I am Got,
and that Teovenanted with Abraham that I would remembe

his seed forever.

And now, behold, my beloved brethren, I would speak unio
you: for I, Nephi, would not suffer that ye should suppas
that ye are more righteous than the Gentiles shall be. Vor
behold, except ye shall keep the commandinents of God, y¢
shall all likewise perish ; and because of the words which have
been spoken, ye need not suppose that the Gentiles are utterly
destroyed. For behold, I say unto you, as many of the Ger

 
