sould be obedient unto him in keeping his commandments;
wherefore, after that he was baptized with water, the Holy
Ghost descended upon him in the form of a dove. And again:
It sheweth unto the children of men the straightness of the
path, and the narrowness of the gate, by which they should
enter, he having set the example before them. And he saith
unto the children of men, Follow thou me. Wherefore, my
beloved brethren, can we follow Jesus, save we shall be wil-
ling to keep the commandments of the Father? And the Wa-
ther saith, Repent ye, repent ye, and be baptized in the name
of my beloved Son. And also, the voice of the Son came
unto me, saying, He that is baptized in my name, to him will
the Father vive the Holy Ghost, like unto me; wherefore, fol-
low me, and do the things which ye have seenmedo, Where-
fore, my beloved brethren, I know that if ye shall follow the
Son, with full purpose of heart, acting no hypocrisy and no
deception before God, but with real intent, repenting of your
sins, Witnessing unto the Father that ye are willing to take up-
on you the name of Christ, by baptism; yea, by following
your Lord and Saviour down into the water, according to his
word ; behold, then shall ye receive the Holy Ghost ; yea, then.
cometh the baptism of fire and of the Holy Ghost; and then
can ye speak with the tongue of Angels, and shout praises un-
to the Holy Onc of Israel. ‘

But behold, my beloved brethren, thus came the voiee of
the Son unto me, saying, After that ye have repented of your
sins, and witnessed unto the Father that ye are willing to keep
my commandments, by the baptism of water, and have recei-
ved the baptism of fire and of the Holy Ghost, and can speak
with a new tongue, yea, even with the tongue of Angels, and
after this, should deny me, it would have been better for you,
that ye had not known me.

And I heard a voice from the Father, saying, Yea, the words
of my beloved, are trac and faithful. He that endureth to the
end, the same shall be saved, And now, my beloved breth-
ren, I know by this, that unless a man shal] endure to the end,
in following the example of the Son of the living God, he can-
not be saved; wherefore, do the things which I have told you
that I have seen, that your Lord and your Redeemer sould do;
for, for this cause have they been shown unto, me, that ye
might know the gate by which ye should enter. For the gate

_ by which ye should enter, is repentance, and baptism by water F
and then cometh a remission of your sins by fire, and by the ~
