Holy Ghost. And then are ye in this straight and narrow pay
which leads to eternal life; yea, ye have entered in by the
gate: ye have done according to the commandments of
Hather and the Son; and ye have received the Holy Ghog,
which witness of the Father and the Son, unto the fulfilling g
the promise which he hath made, That if ye entered in by th:
way, ye should receive.

And now, my beloved brethren, after that ye have got iny
this straight and narrow path, I would ask, If all is done? By.
hold, Tsay unto you, Nay; for ye have not come thus far, save
it were by the word of Christ, with unshaken faith in him,
relying wholly upon the merits of Him who is mighty to save;
wherefore, yc must press forward with a steadfastness jp
Christ, having a perfect brightness of hope, and a love of Gad
and of all men, Wherefore, if ye shall press forward, feat
ing upon the word of Christ, and endure to the end, behold
thus saith the Father: Ye shall have eternal life.

And now, behold, my beloved brethren, this is the way; and
there is none other way nor name given under heaven, wherely
man can be saved in the Kingdom of God. And now, behold,

_ this is the doctrine of Christ, and the only and true —_
of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghest, whic
ig enc God, without end. Amen, 4

CHAPTER XIY,

Ann now, behold, my beloved brethren, I suppose that ye
ponder somewhat in your hearts, concerning that which 3
should do, aflet that ye have entered in by the way. But be
hold, why do ye ponder these things in your hearts? Do ye nd
remember thet I said unto you, that afier ye had received the
Holy Ghost, ye could speak with the tongue of Angels? And
now, how could ye speak with the tongue of Angejs, save il
were hy the Holy Ghost? Angels speak by the power of the
Uoly Ghost; wherefore, they speak the words of Christ
Wherefore, I said unto you, feast upon the words of Christ:
for behold, the words of Christ will tell you all things what
ye should do, Wherefore, now efter that I have spoken thest
words, if ye cannot understand them, it will be because ye ask
not, neither do ye knock; wherefore, ye are not brought inte
the light, but must perish jn the dark, Wor behold, again I)

 

 

 
