which this land; which is a land of promise unto you, and tp
your seed, doth abound most plentifully. And the hand of
Providence hath smiled upon you most pleasingly, that yoy
have obtained many riches; and because that some of you have
obtained more abundantly than that of your brethren, ye ar
lifted up in the pride of your hearts, and wear stiff Decks,
and high heads, because of the costliness of your apparel, and
persecute your brethren, because that ye suppose that ye are
better then they.

And now my brethren, do ye suppose that God justificth
you in this thing? Behold, [ say unto you, Nay. But he cop
demneth you, and if ye persist in these things, his judgments
must speedily come unto you, © that he would shew you
that he can pierce you, and with one glance of his eye, he can
smite you to the dust. O that he would rid you from this inj.
quity, and abomination. And, O that ye would listen unto
the word of his commands, and let not this pride of your
hearts destroy your souls, Think of your brethren, like unto
Yourselves, and be familiar with all, and free with your sub.
stance, that they may be rich like unto you. But before ve
seek for riches, seek ye for the Kingdom of God. And aflee
that ye have obtained a hope in Christ, yc shall obtain Tiches,
ifye seek them ; and ye will seek them, for the intent to do
good; to clothe the naked, and to feed the hungry, and 1p
liberate the captive, and administer relief to the sick, and the
afflicted.

And now my brethren, I have spoken unto you concerning
pride; and those of you which have afflicted your neighbor, and
persecuted him, because that ye were proud in your hearts,
of the things which God hath given you, what say ye of it?
Do ye not suppose that such things are abominable unto him,
who created all flesh? And the one being is as precious in his
sight as the other. And all flesh is of the dust; and for the

' self same end hath he created them, that they should keep his
commandments, and glorify him forever. And now I make
an end of speaking unto you concerning this pride. And were if
not that 1 must speak unto you concerning a grosser crimy
ny heart would rejoice exceedingly, because of you. But the
word of God burihens me because of your grosser crimes,
For behold, thus saith ihe Lord: This People begin 0
wax miniquity; they understand not the Scriptures : for they
seek to excuse themsclyes in committing whoredoms, beeause
of the things which were written concerning David, and Sola

 
