mop his fon. Bebold, David and Solomon truly had many
wives and concubines, which thing was’ abominable betore
me, saith the Lord. Wherefore, thus saith the Lord: [have
led this people forth out of the land of Jerusalem, by the

ower of mine arm, that 1 might raise up unto mea righteous
branch, from the fruit of the loins of Joseph. Wherefore, J,
the Lord God, will uot sufier that this people shall do hke
nato them of old. Wherefore, my brethren, hear me, and
hearken to the word of the Lord: for there shall not any man
among you bave save jt be one wife; and coucubines he
shall have none: For I, the Lord God, delighteth in the
chastity of women. And whoredoms is an abomination before
me: thus saith the Lord of Hosts. Wherefore, this peeple
shall keep my commandments, saith the Lord of Hosts, or
cursed be the Jand for their sakes. For if] will, saith the
Lord of Hosts, raise up seed unto me, I will command my
people: otherwise, they shall hearken unto these things. For
behold, I, the Lord, have seen the sorrow, and heard the
mourning of the daughters of my people, in the land of Jeru-
salem; yea, and in all the lands of my people, because of the
wickedness and abominations of their husbands. And I will
uot suffer, saith the Lord of Hosts, that the cries of the fair
daughters of this people, which I have led out of the land of
Jerusalem, shell come up unto me, against the men of my peo-
ple, saith the Lord of Hosts; for they shall not lead away
captive, the daughters of my people, because of their tender-
ness, save I shall visit them with a sore curse, even unto
destruction; for they shall not commit whoredoms, like unto
they of old, saith the Lord of Tlosts.

And now behold, my brethren, ye know that these command-
ments were given to our father Lehi; wherefore, ye have known
them before; and ye have come unto great condemnation; fox,
ye have done these things, which ye ought not to have done.
Behold, ye have done greater iniquities than the J.amanites,
ourbrethren. Ye have broken the hearts of your tender wives,
and lost the confidence of your children, because of your bac,
examples before them; and the sobbings of their hearts ascen-
deth upto God against you. And because of the strictness of
the word of God, which cometh down against you, many hearts
died, pierced with deep wounds,

_ But behold, I, Jacob, would speak unto you that are pure
in heart. Look unto God with firmness of mind, and pray
unto him with exceeding fath, and he will console you,
