up his son Tsaac, which was a similitude of God and his 9
begotten Son. Wherefore, we search the Prophets; and yy
have many revelations, and the spirit of prophecy ; and ha.
ing all these witnesses, we obtain a hope, and oust dee.
meth unshaken, insomuch that we truly can command in tip
name of Jesus, and thé very trees obey us, or the mountaiy
or the waves of the sea; nevertheless, the Lord God shewe,
us our weakness, that we may know that it is by his grag.
and his great condescentions unto the children of men, the
we have power to do these things.

Behold, great and marvellous are the works of the Lord.|-
Tow unsearchable are the depths of the mysteries of Hip
and it is impossible that man should find out all his Woysm
And no man knoweth of his ways, save it be revealed unte hin:
wherefore, brethren, despise not the revelations of God, Ky
behold, by the power of his word, man came upon the faced
the earth; which earth was created by the power of his won,
Wherefore, if God, being able to speuk, and the world was,
and to speak, and man was created, O then, why not able &
command the earth, or the workmanship of his hands upy
the face of it, according to his will and pleasure. Whierefoy,
brethren, seek not to counsel the Lord, but to take couns!
from his hand. For behold, ye yourselves know, that ke
counseleth in wisdom, and in justice, and in great mercy, ove
all his works; wherefore, beloved brethren, be reconciled us
to him, through the atonement of Christ, his only begotten 8m
that ye may obtain a resurrection, according to the powerd
the resurrection which is in Christ, and be presented as te
first fruits of Christ, unto God, having faith, and obtainela
good hope of glory in him, before he manifesteth himselfa
the flesh.

And now, beloved, marvel not that T tell you these things:
for why not speak of the atonement of Christ, and attain to!
perfect knowledge of him, as to attain to the knowledge di,
resurrection and the world to come? Behold, my brethrentt
that prophesieth, let him prophesy to the understanding d
men; for the spirit speaketh the truth, and lieth not. Wier
fore, itspeaketh of things as they really are, and of things #
they really will be; wherefore, these things are manifested u-
to us plainly, for the salvation of our souls. But behold, st
are not witnesses alone in these things; for God also spit
them unto Prophets of old.

But behold, the Jews were a stiffnecked people; and the

 
