unto the servant, Pluck off the branches that have not brot
forth good fruit, and cast them into the fire. But behold, the
servant sayeth unto him, Let us prune it, and dig aboutit, agg
nourish it a little longer, that perhaps it may bring forth go
fruit unto thee, that thou canst lay it up against the season
And it came to pass that the Lord of the vineyard, and th
servant of the Lord of the vineyard, did nourish all the fryp
of the vineyard. ;

And it came to pass that a long time had passed away, an}
the Lord of the vineyard sayeth unto his servant, Come, let
go down into the vineyard, that we may labor again im th
vineyard. For behold, the time draweth near, and the end
soon cometh: wherefore, I must lay up fruit, against the se.
son, unto mine own self.

And it came to pass that the Lord of the vineyard, and ty
servant, went down into the vineyard; and they came to th
iree whose natural branches had been broken off, and the will
branches had been grafted in; and behold, all sorts of {nui
did cumber the tree.

And it came to pass that the Lord of the vineyard did fas:
of the fruit, every scrt according to its number, And te
Lord of the vineyard saith, Behold, this long time have we
nourished this tree, and I have laid up unto myself against tht
season, much fruit. But behold, this time it hath brought
forth much fruit, and there is none of it which is good. An

behold, there are all kinds of bad fruit; and it profiteth me
nothing, notwithstanding all our labor: and now, it grievelk
me that I should lose this tree. And the Lord of the vineyarl
sayeth unto the servant, What shall we do unto the tree, that
I may preserve again good fruit thereof unto mine own eel!
And the servant sayeth unto his master, Behold, because thot
didst: graft in the branches of the wild olive tree, they hare
nourished the-roots, that they are alive, and they have not pe
rished; wherefore, thou beholdest that they are yet good.

And it came to pass that the Lord of the vineyard sayell
‘unto his servant, ‘he tree profiteth me nothing ; and the roo
thereof profiteth me nothing, so long as it shall bring forlh
evil fruit. Nevertheless, I know that the roots are good; and
for mine own purpose I have preserved them; and because dl
their much strength, they have hitherto brought forth from
the wild branches, good fruit. But behold, the wild branches
have grown, and have overran the roots thereof 3; and because
fhat the wild branches have overcome the roots thereof, it

 
