‘ath brought forth much evil fruit; and because that it hath
brought forth so much evil fruit, thou beholdest that it begin-
eth to perish: and it will soon become ripened, that it may be
cast into the fire, except we should do something for it to pre-
serve it. : FI

And it came to pass that the Lord of the vineyard sayeth
unto his servant, Let us go down into the nethermost parts of

the vineyard, and behold if the natuy anches have also
brought forth evil fruit. And it came’ ass that they went
down into the nethermost parts of the yi rd, And it came
to pass that they beheld that the fruit e natural branches

had become corrupt also; yea, the first, and the second, and
also the last; and they had all become corrupt. And the wild
fruit of the last, had overcome that part of the tree which *
brought forth good fruit, even that the branch had withered
away and died.

And it came to pass that the Lord of the vineyard wept, and
sayeth unto the servant, What could I have done more for my
vineyard? Behold, I knew that all the fruit of the vineyard,
save it were these, had become corrupted. And now, these
which haye once brought forth good fruit, have also become
corrupted. And now, all the trees of my vineyard are good
for nothing, save it be to be hewn down and cast into the fire.
And behold, this last, whose branch hath withered away, I did
plant in a good spot of ground; yea, even that which was
choice unto me, above all other parts of the land of my vine--
yard. And thou beheldest that I also cut down that which
cumbered this spot of ground, that T might plant this tree in
the stead thereof. And thou bebeldest that a part thereof,
brought forth good fruit; and a part thereof, brought forth
wild fruit. And because that I plucked not the branches
thereof, and cast them into the fire, behold, they have over-
come the good branch, that it hath withered away. And now
behold, notwithstanding all the care which we have taken of
my vineyard, the trees thereof hath become corrupted, that
they bring furth no good fruit; and these I had hope to pre-
serve, to have laid up fruit thereof, against the season, unto
mine own self. But behold, they have become like unto the
wild olive tree; and they are of no worth, but to be hewa
down and cast into the fire: and it grieveth me that I should
Joze them, But what could I have done more in my vine-
yard? Taye 1 slackened mine hand, that I have not nourished
at? Nay; I haye nourished it, and I have digged it, and I have

*
