|
Will ye reject the words of the Prophets? and will ye Peject
all the words which have been spoken concerning Christ, af
ter that so many have spoken concerning him? and deny the
good word of Christ, and the power of God, and the gift
the Holy Ghost, and quench the Holy Spirit? and make;
mock: of the great plan of redemption, which hath been laid
for you? Know ye not that if ye will do these things, thy
the power of the redemption and the resurrection which jag
Christ, will bring you to stand with shame and awful guilt by
‘fore the bar of God, and according to the power of justice!
for justice cannot be denied. That ye must go away into the
lake of fire and brimstone, whose Hames are unquenchable,
and whose smoke ascendeth up forever and ever? which lake
of fire and brimstone, is endless torment. © then, may beloved
breihren, repent ye, and enter in at the straight gate, and em.
tinue in the way which is narrow, until ye shall obtain etermd
life. O be wise: what can I say more? Finally, I bid you
farewell, until I shall meet you before the pleasing bar of Goi,
which bar striketh the wicked with awful dread and fear—
Amen, |

4
CHAPTER V. ‘

‘Anp now it came to pass that after some years had mali ;
wiway, there came a man among the people of Nephi, whow
name was Sherem. And it came to pass that he began io
preach among the people, and to declare unto them that ther
should be no Christ. And he preached many things whith
were flattering unto the people; and this he done, that he wilt
overthrow ihe doctrine of Christ. And he labored diligent
that he might lead away the hearts of the people, insomuch
that he did lead away many hearis; and he knowing that]
Jacob, had faith in Christ which should come, wherefore, lt
sought much opportunity that he might come unto me. Al
he was learned, that he had a perfect knowledge of the ler
guege of the people; wherefore, he could use much flatter,
and much power of speech, according to the power of it
Devil. And he had hopé to shake me from the faith, notwill:
steading the many reveiations, and the many things which!
had seen concerning these things: for | truly had seen Angels
and they lad ministered unto me. And also, Thad heaed tlt

 
