voice of the Lord speaking unto me in very word, from time
to ume; waerefore, { could not be shaken.

And it came 10 pass that he came unto me; and on this
wise did he speak unto me, saying: Brother Jacob, 1 have
soucht much opportunity that I might speak unto you: for I
have ecard and also know, that thou goest about much, preach-
ing that which ye call the Gospel, or the doctrine of Christ 5
and ye have led away nich of this people, that they pervert
the rigat way af God, and keep not the luv of Moses, which
is the rigut way; and convert {he law of Moses into the wor-,
ship of a being, which ye say vhall come many hundred years
fence. And now behold, 1, Sherem, declare unto you, that
this‘is blasphemy; for no man knoweth of such things; for
he cannot of things to come. And after this manner did
Sherem contend agaim-t me. But behold, the Lord God pour-
ein his spirit into my soul, imsomuch that ¥ did confound bim
in all bis words. And } sayeth unto him, Deniest thou the
Christ which should come? And he sayeth, If there should be
a Christ, f would aot deny him; but | know that there is no
Christ, neither hath bern, nor never will be. And J sayeth
unto him, Beliovest thou the Scriptures? And he sayeth, Yea.
And Tsaycth unio him, Then ye do not understand them ; for
they truly testify of Christ. Behold, | say unto. you, That
none of the prophets have written, nor prophesied, save they
have spoken concerning this Christ. Aud this is not all: it
hath heen made manifest unto me, for Lhave heard and seen;
and it also hath been made manifest unto me hy the power of
the Holy Ghost; wherefore, 1 know if there should be no
atonement made, all mankind must be lost.

And it came to pass that he sayeth unto me, Shew me o
sign by this power of the Holy Ghost, in the which ye know
so much, And J said unto him, What am J, that [should
tempt God to shew unto thee a sign, in the thmg which thou
knowest to be truc? Yet thou wilt deny it, because thou art
ofthe Devil. Nevertheless, not my will be done; but if God
shall smite thee, Jet that be a sign unto thee that he hath pow-
er, both in Heaven and in Earth; and also, that Christ shall
come. And thy will, O Lord, be donc, and not mine,

And it came to pass that when J, Jacob, had spoken these
words, the power of the Lord came upon him, insomuch that
he fell tothe earth. And it came to pass that he was nour-
ished for the space of many days. And it came to pass that
he sayeth unto the people, Gather together on the morrow, for

    

  

 

 
