And now, L would speak somewhat concerning a certain
nuniber which went up into the wilderness, to return to the
land of Nephi: for there was a large number which were de-
sirous to possess the land of their inheritance; wherefore,
they went up into the wilderness. _And their leader being a
strong and a mighty man, and a sttifhecked man, wherefore,
he caused a contention among them; and they were all slain,
save fifty, in the wilderness, and they returned again to the
land of Zaradhemia.

And it came to pass that they also took others, to a conside
rable number, and took their journey again into the wilderness.
And I, Amaleki, hada brother, which also went with them;
and [have not since known concerning them. And I am about
io Jay down in my grave; and these plates are full. And |
make an end of my speaking.

 

 

THE WORDS OF MORMON. .

CHAPTER I. .:

Axp now I, Mormon, being about to deliver up the rest)
which I have been making, into the hands of my son Moroni,
behold, I have witnessed almost all the destruction of my peo-
ple, ihe Nephites. And it is many hundred years after the
coming of Christ, that I deliver these records into the hands
of my son; and it supposeth me that he will witness the en-
tire destruction of my people. But may God grant that he
tay survive them, that he may write somewhat. concerning
them, and somewhat concerning Christ, that perhaps some
day it may profit ther. ; “

And now, ! speak somewhat concerning that which I have
written: for afier that I had made an abridgment from the
plates of Nephi, down to the reign of this king Benjamin, of
which Amaleki spake, I searched among the records which
had been delivered into my hands, and 1 found these plates,
which contained this small account of the Prophets, from Ja-
cob, down to the reign of this king Benjamin ; and also, many |
of the words of Nephi. And the things which are upon these
plates pleasing me, because of the prophecies of the coming _
of Christ; and my fathers knowing that many of them have

Pgs ee oa,
