been fulfilled; yea, and I also know that as many things ag
have been prophesied concerning us down to this day, hi
been fulfilled; and as many as go beyond this day, must surely
come to pass; wherefore, ] chose these things, to finish m
record upon them, which remainder of my record I shall take
from the plates of Nephi; and I caunot write a hundredth yay,
Pee things of my people.
“But behold, I sball take these plates, which contain thes
prophecyings and revelations, and put them with the remain
‘der of my record, for they are choice unto me; and J knoy
they will be choice unto my brethren. And I do this fora
tvise purpose; for thus it whispereth me, according to the
‘workings of the spirit of the Lord which is in me. And now,
Ido not know all things; but the Lord knoweth all thing
which is to come; wherefore, he worketh in me to do acco.
ding to his will. And my prayer to God, is concerning iy
brethren, that they may once again come to the knowledge
of God; yeu, the redémption of Christ; that they may one
- again bea delightsome people.
_ And now I, Mormon, proceed to finish out my record, whid
a} ake from the plates of Nephi; and I make it according
the knowledge and the understanding which God_ hath giva
ic. Wherefore, it came to pass that after Amaleki bad dd:
ved up these plates into the hands of king Benjamin, he took
them and put themawith the other plates, which contained me
* cords which had been handed down by the kings, from gene
vation to generation, until the days of king Benjamin; ant
they were handed down from king Benjamin, from generatiot
to generation, until they have fallen into my hands. And]
Mormon, pray to God that they may he preserved, from this
“time hence forth. And I know that they will be preserved!
for there are great {hings written upon them, out of which my
people and their brethren, shall be judged at the great and lat
.day, according to the word of God which is written.
And now, concerning this king Benjamin: He had some
- What contentions among his own people. And it came to pas
also, that the armics of the Lamanites came down out of the
land of Nephi, to battle against ‘his people. But behold, lag
Benjamin gathered together his armies, and he did stand agail#
them; and he did fight with the strength of his own arm, wih
the sword of Laban; and in the strength of the ord they il
contend against their enemies, until they had slain many thot
wands of the Lamanites, And it game to pass. that they ait

 
