   
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
 
   
    
   
 
   
  

And now, in thefirst place, he hath created you, and gra
unto you your lives, for which ye are indebted unio him, 44
sevondly: He doth require that ye should do as be hath g
mended you, for which if ye do, he doth immediately
you; and theretore, he hath paid you. And ye are sill
debted unto him ; and are, and will be, foreverand ever; th
fore, of what have ye to boast? And now I ask, Can y
aught of yourselves? [answer you, Nay. Ye cannot say
thou urt even as much as the dust of the earth; yet thon
created of the dust of the earth: but behold, it belongeth to fj
who created you. And J, even J, whom ye call your king
no better than ye yourselves are; for Tum also of thed
And thou beholdest that 1am old, and am about-to yield
this mortal frame to its mother earth; therefore, as I said
you that I had-served you, walking with a clear consci
before God, even so Jat this time have caused that ye sh
asvemble yourselves together, that I might be found blame
and that your blood should not come upon me, when Ig
stand to be judged of Ged of the things whereof he bath ca
manded me concerning you. I say unto you, that I have ea
that ye should assemble yourselves together, that I mightn
my garments of your blood, at this period of time when!
about to go down to my grave, that ] might go down in pi
and my immortal spirit may join the choirs above in singing
praises of a just God. And moreover, | say unto you, thit
have caused that ye should assemble yourselves together,
I might declare unto you that I cau no longer be your te
nor your king; for even at this time, my whole fraine
tremble exceedingly, while aitempting to speak unto you; by
the Lord God doth support me, and hath suffered me thill
should speak unto vou, and hath commanded me rat F shoill
declare unto you this day, that my son Mosiah, is a king atl
aruler over you.

And now, my brethren, I would that ye should do as‘ye
hitherto done. As ye have kept my commandments, and as!
the commandments of my father, and have prospered, 4
have been kept from falling into the hands of your enenit
even so if ye shall keep the commandments of my son, ot
commandments of God, which shall be delivered unto you
him, ye shall prosper in the land, and your enemies shall hi
no power over you. But O my people, beware lest there sil
arise contentions among you, and ye list to obey the evil
vit, which was spoken of by my father Mosiah. For belt
