always rejoice, and be filled with the love of God, and always
retain a remission of your sins; and ye shall grow in the know].
edge of the glory of Him that created you, or in the knowledge
of that which is just and true. And ye will not have amin
to injure one another, but to live peaceably, and to render io
every man according to that which ts his due. And ye will not
suffer your children, that they go hungry, or naked; neither
will ye suffer that they transgress the laws of God, and fight
and quarrel one with another, and serve the Devil, which is the
taster of sin, or which is the evil spirit which hath been spoken
of by our fathers; he being an enemy to all righteousness; but
ye will teach them to walk in the ways of truth and soberness;
ye will teach-them to Jove one another, and to serve one anoth-
er; and also, ye yourselves will succor those that stand in need_
af your succor; ye will adminster of your substance unto bin
that standeth in need; and ye will not suffer that the beggar
putteth up his petition to you in vain, and turn him out to per-
ish. Perhaps thou shalt say, The man hath brought upon him-
self his misery, therefore I will stay my hand, and will not give
vanto him of my food, nor impart unto him of my substance,
that he may not suffer, for his punishments are just. But Isay
unto you, O man, whosoever doeth this, the same hath gret
gause to repent; and except he repenteth of that which he hah
done, he perisheth forever, and hath no interest in the kingdon
ef God. For behold, are we not all beggars? Do we not dl
depend upon the same being, even God, for all the substance
which we have ; for both food, and raiment, and for gold, and
for silver, and for all the riches which we have of every kint!
And behold, even at this time, ye have been calling on his name,
and begging for a remission of your sins. And hath he sufler
ed that ye have begged in vain? Nay; he hath poured outhis
spirit upon you, and hath caused that your hearts should be
filled with joy, and hath caused that your mouths should te
stopped, that ye could not find utterance, so exceeding great
was your joy. And now, if God, who hath created you,
whoin you are dependant for your lives, and for all that ye
have and are, doth grant unto you whatsoever ye ask that i
right, in faith, believing that ye shall receive, O then, how
had ye ought to impart of the substance that ye have, one 1
another? And if ye judge the man who putteth up his petition
io you for your substance, that he perish not, and condemt
him, how much more just will be your condemnation, for will
holding your substance, which doth not belong to you, but t#

 

 
