CHAPTER HL

Anp now, it came to pass that when king Benjamin had thug

spoken to his people, he sent among them, desiring to knoy
of his people, If they believed the words which he had spoken
unto them. And they all cried with one voice, saying, Yea,
we believe all the words which thou hast spoken unto us; and
also, we know of their surety and truth, because of the Spirit
of the Lord Omnipotent, which hath wrought a mighty change
in us, or in our hearts, that we have no more disposition to do
evil, but to do good continually. And we, ourselves, also,
through the infinite goodness of God, and the manifestations
of his Spirit, have great views-of that which is to come; and
were it expedient, we could prophesy of ail things. And itis
the faith which we have had on the things Which our king hath
spoken unto us, and hath brought us to this great knowledge,
whereby we do rejoice with such exceeding great joy ; and we
are willing to enter into a covenant with our God, to do his will
and to be obedient to his commandments in all things that be
shall command us, all the remainder of our days, that we may
not bring upon ourselves a never ending torment, as has bea
spoken by the Angel, that we may not drink out of the cup
of the wrath of God.
_ And now, these are the words which king Benjamin desired
of them ; and therefore he said unto them, Ye have spoken the
words that I desired ; and the covenant which ye have made,
isa righteous covenant. And now, because of the covenant
which ¥e have made, ye shall be called the children of Chris
his sons, and his daughters: for behold, this day he hath spi
ritually begotten you; for ye say that your hearts are changed,
through faith on his name; therefore, ye are born of him, ant
laye become his sons, and his daughters. And under this head,
yeare made free; and there is no other head whereby ye cat
be made free. There is no other name given, whereby salvation
cometh ; therefore, I would that ye should take upon you the
name of Christ, all you that have entered into the covenat!
with God, that ye should be obedient unto the end of your
lives.” And it shall come to pass that whosoever docth this,
shall be found at the righthand of God, for he shall know the
name by which he is called: for he shall be called by the name
of Christ.

And now, it shall come to pass that whosoever shall not
fake upon them the name of Christ, must be called- by some
