he dismissed the multitude, and they returned, every one a.
eording to their families, to their own houses. ;

And Mosiah began to reign in his father’s stead. And he
began to reign in the thirtieth year of his age, making in the
whole, about four hundred and seventy-six years from the time
that Lehileft Jerusalem, And king Benjamin lived three years,
and he died, “And it came to pass that king Mosiah did walk
in the ways of the Lord, and did observe his judgments, ang
his: statutes, and did keep his commandments in all things
whatsoever he commanded him.

And king Mosiah did cause his people that they should 4)
the earth. And he also, himself did till the earth, that thereby
he might dot become burthensome to his people, that he might
do according {o that which his father had done, in all things
And there was no contention among al! his people, for the
space ef three years, .

CHAPTER VY.
1
_ ANn now, it came to pass that after king Mosiah had bai
continual peace, for the space of three years, he was desirous
to know cencerning the people which went up to dwell in the
land of Lehi-Nephi, or in the city of Lehi-Nephi: for his pee
le had heard nothing from them, from the time they left the
md of Zarahemla; therefore, they wearied him with thet
teasings. :

And it came to pass that king Mosiah granted that sixteci
of their strong men ‘might go up to the land of Lehi-Nephi,
to inquire concerning their brethren. And it came to pass
that on the morrow, they started to go up, having with them
one Ammon, he being a strong and mighty man, and a de-
scendantof Zarahemla; and he was elo their leader. And
now, they knew not the course they should travel in the wil
demess, to go up to the land of Lehi-Nephi; therefore, they
wandered many days in the wilderness, even forty days did
they wander. And when they had wandered forty days, they
came to a hill, which is north of the land of Shilom, and there
they pitched their tents. And Ammon took three of his bretl-
ren, and their names were Amaleki, Helem, and Hem, and they
Went down into the land ef Nephi; and behold, they met the

 
