or of the land of our fathers’ first inheritance, arid T having
been sent a8 a spy among the Lamanites, that I might spy out
their forces, that our army might come upon them and destroy
them; but when } saw that which was good among them, 7
was desirous that they should not be destroyed; therclore, J
contended with my brethren in the wilderness: for I would
that our ruler should make a treaty with them. But he being an
austere and a blood-thirsty man, commanded that J should be
slain; but I was rescued, hy the shedding of much blood:. for
father fought aguinst father, and brother against brother, until
the greatest number of our army was destroyed in the wilder
ness; and we returned, those of us that were spared, to the
land of Zarahémila, 10 relate that tale to their wives, and their
children. And yet, I bemg over zealous to inherit the land
of our fathers, collected as many as were desirous to go up to
possess the land, and started again on our journcy into the wit
derness, to go up to the land; but we were smitten with fam
ine and sore afilictions: for we were slow to remember the
Lord our God, Nevertheless, after many days’ wandering in
the wilderness, we pitched our tents in the place where our
brethren were slain, which was near to the land of our fathers.
And it camé to pass that I went again with four of my meq
into the city, in unto the king, that ] might know of the dispe
sition of the king, and that I might know if I might go in with
my people, and possess the land in peace. And I went in
unto the king, and he covenanted with me, that I might pos
sess the land of Lehi-Nephi, and the land of Shilom. And he
also commanded that his people should depart out of (he land,
and I and my people went into the land, that we might poe
sess it, And we began to build buildings, and to repair the
wells of the eity, yea, even the walls of the city of Lehi-Ne-
phi, and the city of Shilom. And we began to till the ground,
yea, even with all manner of seeds, with seeds of corn, and of
Wheat, and of barley, and with neas, and with sheum, and
with seeds of all manner of fruits: and we did begin to mul
tiply and prosper in the land. Now, it was the cunning and
the crafimess of king Laman, to bring my people into bow
dage, tbat he yielded up the land, that we might possess it.
Therefore, it camé to pass that-after we had dwelt im the
land for the space of twelve years, that king Laman began to
stow uneasy, lest by any means my people should wax strong
in the land, and that they could not overpower them ami
ring them into bondage. Now, they were a lazy, and at

 
 
   
 
 
   
 
