thers, for many years; yea, for the space of twenty and tye
years. And I did cause that the men should ‘till the groung
and raise all manner of grain, and all manner of fruit, of eve
kind. And 1 did cause that the women should spin, and toi]
and work, and work all manner of fine Jinen; yea, and clot
of every kind, that we might clothe our nakedness; and thi:
we did prosper in the land; thus we did have continual peace
jn the land, for the space of twenty and two years.

And it came to pass that king Laman died, and his son be
gan to reign in his stead. And he began to stir his people wy
in rebellion against my people; therefore, they began to pre

are for war, and to come up to battle against my peoples

ut I having sent my spies out round about the land of Shen.
Jon, that I might discover their preparations, that ! might guint
against them, that they might not come upon my people and
desiroy them.

And it came to pass that they came up upon the north d
the lund of Shilom, with their numerous hosts, men armed
with bows, and with arrows, and with swords, and with cime
ters, end with stoncs, end with slings; and they bad ther
heads shaved, that they were naked; and they were gine
about with a Jeathern girdle about their Joins.

And it came to pass that I caused that the women aud
ghildren of my people should be hid in the wilderness ant]
also caused that all my old men that could bear arms, and a
so all my young men that were able to bear arms, should
gather themselves together, to go to battle against the Lamar
ites; and | did place them in their ranks, every man accor
ding {o his age.

‘And it came to pass that we did go up to battle against tle
[uinanites. And {, even J, in my old age, did go up to butlle
against the Lamanites. And it came to pass that we dd go
up in the strength of the Lord, to battle.

Now, the Lamanites knew nothing concerning the Lord, nat
the strength of the Lord; therefore, they depended upon thet
own strength. Yet they were a strong people, as to the strength
of men: they were a wild, and ferocious, and a blood-thirsy
people, believing in the tradition of their fathers, which is this:
Belicting that they were driven out of the Jand of Jerusalem,
because of the iniquities of their fathers, and that they wer
wronged in the wilderness by their brethren; and they wer
also wronged, while crossing the sea. And again: That tht
srere wronged while in the land of their first inheritance, fe

 
