they had crosted the sea; and all this, hecause that Nephi
was more faithful in keeping the commandments of the Lord 3
therefore he was favored of the Lord, for the Lord heard his
prayers and answered them, and he took the lead of their
journey in the wilderness. And his brethren were wroth with
hiin, because they understood not the dealings of the Lord;
they were also wroth with him upon the waters, because they
hardened their hearts against the Lord. And again: They were
wroth with him, when they had arriven to the promised land,
because they said that he had taken the ruling of the people
out of their hands; and they sought to kill him. And again:
They were wroth with him, because he departed into the wil-
derness as the Lord bad commanded him, and took the rec-
ords which were engraven on the plates of brass; for they
said that he robbed them. And thus they have taught their
children, that they should hate them, and that they should
murder them, and that they should rob and plunder them, and
do all they could to destroy them; therefore, they haye an
eternal hatred towards the children of Nephi. For this very
eause hath king Laman, by his cunning and Iying craftiness,
an his fair promises, hath deceived me, that I haye brought
this, my people, up into this land, that they may destroy them ;
yea, and we have suffered this many years in the land,

And now I, Zeniff, afler having told ull these things unto my
people concerning the Lamanites, I did stimulate them to go
to battle with their might, putting their trust in the Lord ;
therefore, we did contend with them, face to face. And it
came to pass that we did drive them again out of our land;
and we slew them with a great slaughter, even so many that
we did not number them. t

Aad it came to pass that we returned again to our own Tand,
and my people again began to tend their flocks, and to till their
ground. And now, I being old, did confer the kingdom upon

- one of my sons; therefore, I suy no more, And may the Lord
less my people. Amen. Fl
mm
aeaieaeee:

CHAPTER YI.

Awn now it came to pass that Zeniff conferred the kingdom
upon Noali, one of his sons; therefore Noah began to reign .
i his stead; and he did not walk in ihe ways of his father.

.
