built in the land Shilom; and he caused a great tower to be
built on the hill north of the land Shilom, which had been a
resort for the children of Nephi, at the time they iled out of
the land; and thus he did do with the riches which he ob-
‘tained by the taxation of his people.

And il came to pass that he placed his heart upon his riches,
and he spent his ume in riotous living with his wives and lus
concubines; and so did also his priests spend their time with
harlots. And it came to pass that he planted vineyards round
about in the land; and he built wine presses, and made wine
in abundance; and therefore he became a wine bibber, and
also his people.

And it came io pass that the Lamanites began to come in
upon bis people, upon small numbers, and to slay them in
their ficld=, and while they were tending their flocks. And
king Noah sent guards round about the land to keep them oif ;
but he did not, send a suflicient number, and the Lamaniies
came upon them and killed them, and drove many of their
flocks out of the land: thus the Lamanites began to destroy
them, and to exercise their hatred upon them.

And it came to pass that king Noah sent bis armies against
them, and they were driven back, or they drove them back for
atime; therefore, they returned rejoicing in their spoil. And
now, because of this great victory, they were lifted up in
the pride of their hearts ; they did boast in their own strength,
saying, That their fifty could stand. against thousands of the
Lamanites ; and thus they did boast, and did delight in blood,
and the shedding of the blood ef their brethren, and this be-—
cause of the wickedness of their king and priests,

And it came to pass that there was a man among them,
whose name was Abinadi; and he went forth among them,
and began to prophesy, saying, Behold, thus saith the Lord,
and thus hath he commanded me, saying, Go forth and say
unto this people, thus saith the Lord: Wo be unto this people,
for Lhave seen their abominations, and their wickedness, and
their whoredoms ; and except they repent, I will visit them in
mine anger. And except they repent, and turn to the Lord
their God, behold, I will deliver them into the hands of their
chemies; yea, and they shall he brought info bondage; and
they shall be afflicted by the hand of their enemics. And it
shall come to pass that they shall know that I am the Lord
their God, and am a Jealous God, visiting the iniquities of my
people. And it shall come to pass that except this people re-
