And what knowest thou conecrning the law of Moses? Doth
salvation come by the law of Moses? What sayest thou? And
they answered and said, that salvation did come by the law
of Moses. But now Abinadi saith unto them, I know if ye
keep the commandments of God, ye shall be saved; yea, if
ye keep the commandments which the Lord delivered unto
Moses in the mount of Sinai, saying: 1am the Lord thy God,
which have brought thee out of the land of Egypt, out of the
house of bondage. Thou shalt have no other God before me.
Thon shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any like-
ness of any thing in the heaven above, or things which is im
the earth beneath. Now Abinadi saith unto them, Have
ye done ail this? Isay unto you, Nay, ye have uot. And
have ye taught this people that they should do all these things?
Isay unto you, Nay, ye have not.

And now when the king had heard these words, he said
unto his priests, Away with this fellow, and slay him: for what
have we to do with him, for he is mad. And they stood forth
aad attempted to lay their hands on him; but he withstood
them, and said unto them, Touch me not, for God shall smite
you if ye lay your hands upon me, for I have not delivered
the message which the Lord sent me to deliver; neither have
Jtold you that which ye requested that I should tell; there-
fore, God will not suffer that [ shall be destroyed at this time.
But must fulfil the commandments wherewith God hath com-
manded me; and because I have told you the trath, ye are
angry with me. And again: Because Ihave spoken the word
of God, ye have judged me that Tam mad,

Now it came to pass after Abinadi had spoken these words,
that the people of king Noah durst not lay their hands on him;
for the Spirit of the Lord-was upon him; and his face shone
with exceeding lustre, even as Moses did while in the mount
of Sinai, while speaking with the Lord. And he spake with
power and authority from God; and he continued his words,
saying, Ye see that ye have not power to slay me, therefore T°
finish my message. Yea, and J perecive that it cuts you to
your hearts, because I tell you the truth concerning your ini-
quities; yea, and my words fill you with wonder and amaze-
ment, and with anger. But } finish my message; and then it
matters not whither I go, if it so be that Tam saved. Bat
this much I tell you: What you do with me after this, shall be
as atype anda shadow of things which is fo come, And now
Jread unto you the remainder of the commandments of God,

 

 
