for I percieve that they are not written in your hearts; 1 pep
ceive that ye have studied and taught iniquity the most. part of
your lives.

And now, ye remember that I said unto you, Thou shalt
not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of thiy,
which is in heaven above, or which is in the éarth beneath, @
which is in the water under the earth. And again: Thoy
shalt not bow down thyself unto them, nor serve them: {op ]
the Lord thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquities of
the fathers upon the children, unto the third and fourth gener.
tions of them that hate me; and shewing mercy unto thom
sands of them that love me, and keep my commandments.
Thou shalt not take the nume of the Lord thy God in vain; for
the-Lord will not hold him guiltless that taketh his name in
vain, Remember the sabbath-day, to kecp it holy... Six days
shalt thou labor, and do all thy work: but the seventh day,
the sabbath of the Lord thy God, thou shalt not do any work,
thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy man-servant, nor ths
maid-servant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy
gates: for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, ani
tho sea, and all that in them is ; wherefore the Lord blessed the
sabbath-day, and hallowed it. Honor thy father and th
mother, that thy days may be long upon the land which tht
Lord thy God giveth thee. Thou shalt not kill, Thou shat
not commit adultery. Thou shalt not steal. ‘Thou shalt ro
bear falxe witness against thy neighbor. ‘Thou shalt not cove
thy neighbor’s house, thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's wif,
nor his man-servant, nor his maid-seryant, nor his ex, norhis
ass, nor any thing that is thy neighbor's, }

ETE

CIIAPTER. VIL

AAnbit came to pass that after Abinadi had made an endd
these sayings, that he said unto them, Haye ye taught this
people that they should observe to do all these things ? For
to keep these commandments? say. unto you, Nay; for i
ye had, the Lord would not have caused me to come jowth ani
to prophesy evil concerning this people. And now ye hare
said that salvation cometh by the law of Moses. | say unto
you that it is expedient that ye should keep the Jaw of Moses
as yet; bat I say unto Fou, that the time shall come when it

 
