shall no more be expedient to keep the law of Moses. And
morcoyer, I say unto you, that salvation doth not come by the
law alone; and were it not for the atonement.which God him-
self shall make for the sins and iniquities of his people, that
they must unavoidably perish, notwithstanding the law of Mo-
ses, And now I say unto you, that it was expedient that there
should be a law given to the children of Isracl, yea, even a
very strict law : for they were a stiffnecked people, quick to
do iniquity, and slow to remember the Lord their God; there-
fore there was a law given them, yea, a law of performances
and of ordinances, a law which they were to observe strictly,
from day to day, to keep them in remembrance of God, und
their duty towards him. But behold, 1 say unto you, that all
these things were types of things to come. And now, did they
understand the law? I say unto you, Nay, they did not all un-
derstand the law; and this because of the hardness of their
hearts: for they understood not that there could not any man
be saved, except it were through the redemption of God. Wor
hehold, did not Moses prophesy unto them concerning the
coming of the Messiah, and that God should redeem his peo-
ple, yea, and even all the prophets which have prophesicd
ever since the world began? Have they not spoken more or
less concerning these things? Have they not said that God
himself should come down among the children of men, and
take upon him the form of man, and go forth in mighty power
upon the face of the earth? Yoa, and have they not said also,
that he should bring to pass the resurrection of the dead, and
that he, himself, should be oppressed and afflicted? Yea, even
doth not Isaiah say, Who hath believed our report, -and to
whom is the arm of the Lord revealed? for he shall grow up
hefore him as a tender plant, and as a root out of dry ground:
he hath no form nor comeliness ; and when we shall sce lim,
there is no beauty that we should desire him. He is despised
and rejected of men; a man of sorrows, and acquainted with
grief: cind we hid as it were our faces from him 3 he was des
pised, and we esteemed him not,

Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows :
yel we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and ae:
But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was ed.
for our iniquities; the chastisement of our peace was upon
hin; and with his stripes we arehealed. All we, like sheep,
have gone astray ; we have turned every one to his own way ;
and the Lord hath laid on him the imiquities of us ull. “He
