CHAPTER IX.

Anp how it came to pass that when Abinadi had finish
these sayings, that the king commanded that the pricsts shoul
take him and cause that he should be put to death, But thes
Was one among them, whose name was Alma, he also beings
descendant of Nephi. And be was a young man, and he be
‘heved the words which Abinadi had spoken, for he knew eq),
cerning the iniquity which Abinadi had testified against them:
‘Therefore he began to plead with the king that he would ng
be angry with Abinadi, but suffer that he might depan
peace. But the king was more wroth, and caused that Aloy
should be cast out from among them, and sent his servany
afier him, that they might slay him. But he fled from Lefop
them, and hid himself, that they found him not. And he, beitg
convealed for many days, did write all the words which Abin
adi had spoken.

And it came to pass that the king caused that his guar
should surround Abinadi, and take him ; and they bound bie
and cast him into prison. And after three days, having cou
selled with his priests, he caused that he should again te
brought before him. And he said unto him, Abinadi, we har
found an accusation against thee, and thou art worthy d
death. For thou hast said that God himself should com
down among the children of men; and now for this cae
thou shalt be put to death, unless thou wilt recall ali the
words which thou hast spoken evil concerning me and a
people,

Now Abinadi saith unto him: I say unto you, J will wm
recall the words which I have spoken unto you concerning
this people, for they are true; and that ye may know of ther
surety, I have suffered myself that I haye fallen into your
hands, Yea, and J will suffer even until death, and J will nol
recall my words, and they shall stand as a testimony against
you. And if ye slay me, ye will shed innocent blood, and ths
shall also stand as a testimony against you at the last day.

And now king Noah was about to release him, for he feared
his word; for he feared that the judgments of God would
come upon him. But the priests lifted up their voices against
him, and began to accuse him, saying: He hath reviled the
king. Therefore the king-was stirred up in anger against him,
and he delivered him up, that he might be slain.

And it came to pass that they took him, and bound him, and

 
