And it came to pass that Alma, having authority from God,
erduined priests ; cven oue priest to every fifty of their number.
did he ordain to preach unto them, and to teach them con-
cerning the things pertaining to the kingdom of God. And he
commanded them that they should teach nothing save it were
the things which he had taught, and which had been spoken
by the mouth of the holy prophets. Yea, evcn he commanded
them that they should preach nothing save it were repentance
and faith on the Lord, who hath redeemed his people. And he
commanded them that there shouJd be no contention one. with
another, but that they should look forward with one eye, hay-
ing one faith and one baptism; having their hearis knit together
in unity and in Joye, one towards another. And thus he com-
manded them to preach. And thus they became the children
of God, And he commanded them that they should observe
the sabbath day, and keep it holy, and also every day they
should give thanks to the Lord their God. And he also com-
manded them that.the priests which he had ordained should
labor with their own hands for their support; and there was
one day in every week that was sect apart that they should
gather themselves together to teach the people, and to worship
the Lord their God, and also as often as it was in their power
to assemble themselves together. And the priests was not to
(depend upon the people for their support; but for their labor
they were to receive the grace of God, that they might wax
strong in the spirit, having the knowledge of God, that they
might teach with power and authority from God. And’ agaia ,
Alma commanded that the people of the Church should impart
of their substance, every. one according to that which he hath;
if he have more abundantly, he should impart more.abundantly ; —
and he that hath but litle, but little should be required; and~
to him that hath not should be given. And thus they shoul
impart of their substance, of their own free will and good de-
sires {owards God, and to those priests that stood in need, yea,
and to every needy, naked soul, And this he said unto them,
having heen commanded of God ; and they did walk uprightly
before God, imparting to one another, both temporally and
spiritually, according to their needs and their wants.

And now it came to pass that all this was done iu Mormon;
yea, by the waters of Mormon, in the forest that was near the
waters of Mormon; yea, the place of Mormon, the waters of
Momon, the forest of Mormon, how beautiful are they to the
eyes of them who there came to the knowledge of their re-
