Andit came to pass that the battle became exceeding sore,
for they fought like Kons for their prey. And it came to pass
that the people of Limhi began to drive the Lamanites before
them, yet they were not half so numerous as the Lamanites.
But they fought for their lives, and for their wives, and for their
children; therefore they exerted themselves, and like dragons
did they fight.

And it came to pass that they found the king of the Laman-
ites among the number of their dead; yet he was not dead,
haying been wounded and left upon the ground, so speedy was
the fight of his people. And they took bim and bound up his
wounds, and brought him before Limhi, and said, Behold, here
isthe king of the Lamanites; he having received a wound,
hath fallen among their dead, and they have left him; and be-
hold, we have brought him hefore you; and now let us slay
him. But Limhi saith unto them, Ye shall not slay him, but
bring him hither, that I may see him. And they brought him,
And Limhi saith unto him, What cause have ye to come up
to war against my people? Behold, my people have not
broken the oath that I made unto you; therefore, why should
ye break the oath which ye made unto my people? And now
the king said, I have broken the oath, because thy people did
earry away the daughters of my people; therefore in my anger
Idid cause my people to come up to war against thy people.
Now Limhi had heard nothing concerning this matter; there-
fore he saith, [ will search aniong my people, and whosoever.
hath done this thing shall perish. Therefore he caused a search
io be made among his people. Now when Gideon had heard
these things, he being the king’s captain, he went forth and
sid unto the king, I pray thee forbear, and do not seareh this
people, and lay not this thing to their charge. For do ye not
remember the priests of thy father, which this people sought to
desiroy? And are they not in the wilderness? And is it not
they which have stolen the daughters of the Lamanites? And
now behold, and tell the king of these things, that he may tel}
his people, that they may be pacified towards us: for behold,
they are already preparing to come against us; and behold al-
%, there are but few of us. And behold, they come with their
humerous hosts; and except the king doth pacify them towards
US, We must perish. For are not the words of Abinadi fulfilled,
Which he prophesied against us? and all this because we would,
not hearken unto the word of the Lord, and turn from our
Mquities? And now let us pacify the king, and we fulfil the

 

 
