hy night. And I will go aecording to thy command, and py
the last tribute of wine to the Lamanites, und they will}.
drunken; and we will pass through the secret pass on the lef
of the camp, when they are drunken and asleep: thus we yj
depart with our women and our children, our flocks and om
herds; into the wilderness; and we will travel around the Jan
of Shilom.. And it came to pass that the king hearkened unty
the words of Gideon. And it came to pass that king Limbi cay,
sed that his people should gather their flocks together; ang
he sent the tribute of wine to the Lamanites; and he also sent
more wine, as a present unto them: and they did drink freely
af the wine which king Limhi did send unto them. y

And it came to pass that the people of king Limhi did deput
by nizht into the wilderness with their flocks and their herds;
and they went round about the land of Shilom in the wilderness
and bent their course towards the land of Zarehenila, being led
by Ammon and his brethren. And they had taken all theirgoli,
and silver, and their precious things, which they could cary;
and also their provisions with them, into the wilderness; and
they pursued their journey. And after being many days inthe
wilderness, they arrived im the Jand of Zarahemla, and joined
his people, and became his subjects. And it came to pass thet
Mosiah received them with joy; and he also received their ree
ords, and also the records which had been found by the people
of Limhi, And now it came to pass when the Lamanites hal |
found that the people of Limhi had departed out of the lend
by night, that they sent an army into the wilderness to purse
them; und after they had pursued them two days, they could
‘no longer follow their tracks; therefore they were lost in the
wilderness,

CHAPTER XI,

fin account of Alma and the people of the Lord, which sé
driven into the wilderness by the people of king Noah.

Now Alma, having been warned of the Lord that the armies
ef king Noah would come upon them, and had made it known
to his people, therefore they gathered together their flocks, and
took of their grain, and departed into the wilderness hefore the
armies of king Noah. And the Lord did strengthen them, that

 
