 

ihe people of king Noah could not overtake them,’ to destroy
them, And it came to pass that they fled cight days’ journey
into the wilderness. And they came toa land, yea, even avery
beautiful and pleasant land; a land of pure water. And if
came fo pass that they pitched their tents, and began to till the
ground, and began to build buildings, &e.; yea, they were
industrious, and did labor exceedingly. And it came to pass
that the people were desirous that Alma should be their king,
for he was beloved by his people. But he saith unto them,
Behold, itis not expedient that we should have a king; for thus
saith the Lord: Ye shall not esteem one flesh above another,
or one man shall not think himsclf above another; therefore F
say unto you, It is not expedient that ye should have a king.
Nevertheless, if it were possible that ye could always have just
men to be your kings, it would be well for you to have a king.
But remember the iniquity of king Noah and his priests: and I
myself was caught in a snare, and did many things which was
abominable in the sight of the Lord, which caused me sore re-
pene: nevertheless, after much tribulation, the Lord did

vat my cries, and did answer my prayers, and hath made me-

an instrument in his hands, in bringing so many of you to a
knowledge of his truth. Nevertheless, in this I do not glory,
foram unworthy to glory of myself. And now I say unto you,

As ye have been oppressed by king Noah, and have been in
bondage to him and his priests, and have been bronght into in-
iguity by them; therefore ye were bound with the bands of
iniquity. And now as ye have been delivered, by the power of
Gor, out of these bonds; yea, even out of the hands of kine
Noah and his people, and also from the bonds of iniquity, ever

so 1 desire that ye should stand fast in this liberty whore
Je have been made free, and that ye trustno man to beaking
over you; and also trusting no one to be your teachers nor you
ministers, except he be a man of God, walking in his ways an
keeping his commandments, Thus did Alma teach his people,

that every man should love his neighbor as himself; that there
should be no contention among them. And now Alma was
their high priest, he being the founder of their Church, And
ifcame to pass that none reecived authority to preach or to.
teach, except it were by him from God. ‘Therefore he conse-
crated all their priests, and all their teachers, and none were
Conseerated except it were just men. Therefore they did watch

over their people, and did nourish thom with things pertaining

forightcousness. And it came to pass that they began to pros-

 
