ren, And it came to pass that the Lamanites promised unto
Alma and his brethren, that if they would shew them the way
which led to the land of Nephi, that they would grant unto them
their lives and their liberty. But itcame to pass that after Al-
ma had shewn them the way that led to the land of Nephi, the
Lamauites would not keep their promise; but they sct guards
yound about the land of Helem, over Alma and his brethren.
And the remainder of them went to the land of Nephi; and a
art of them returned to the land of Helam, and also brought
with them the wives and the children of the guards which had
been left in the Jand. And the king of the Lamanites had
granted unto Amulon that he should be a king and a ruler over
his people, which was in the land of Helam; nevertheless he
should have no power to do any thing contrary to the will of
the king of the Lamanites. ’

And it came to pass that Amulon did gain favor in the eyes
ot the king of the Lamanites; therefore the king of the Laman-
ites granted unto him and his brethren, that they should be ap-
poiited teachers over his people; yea, even over the, people
which was in the land of Shemlon, and in the land of Shilom,
and in the land of Amulon: for the Lamanites had taken pos-
session of all these lands; therefore the king of the Lamanites
had appointed kings oyer all these lands. And now the name
of the king of the Lamanites was Laman, being called alter the
nane of his father; and therefore he was called king Laman.
And he was king over a numerous people; and he appointed
teachers of the brethren of Amulon, in every land which was
possessed by his people: and thus the language of Nephi be-
gan to be taught among all the people of the Lamaniies, And
they were a people friendly one with another; nevertheless
they knew not God; neither did the brethren of Amulon teach .
them any ibing concerning the Lord their God, neither the law
of Moses; nor did they teach them the words of Abinadi; but
they taught them that they should keep their record, and that
they might write one to another. And thus the Lamanites be-
gan to increase in riches, and began to trade one with another,
and wax great, and began to be a cunning and a wise people,
as to the wisdom of the world; yea, a very cunning people;
delighting in all manner of wickedness and plunder, except it
Were among their own brethren.

And now it came to pass that Amulon began to exercise an-
Motity over Alma and his brethren, and. began to persecnte
‘him, 2nd cause that his children should persecute their children:

“G
