epithe church; confessing all their sins, and publishing all the
things which they had scen, and explaining the prophecies und
the scriptures to all who des ed to hear them : aud thus they
were instruments in the hands of God, in bringing many to the
knowledge of the truth, yea, to the knowledge of their Re-
deemer. And how blessed are they! For they did publish
peace; they did publish good tidings of good; and they did
declare unto the people that the Lord reigucth.
es ae

CHAPTER XI.

Now if came fo pass that after the sons of Mosiah had done
all these things, they took a small number with them, and re-
turoed to their father, the king, and desired of him that he
would grant unto them, that they might, with these whom they
tad sclected, go up to the land of Nephi, that they might
preach the things which they had heard, and that they might
impart the word of God (o their brethren, the Lamanites, that
pethaps they might bring them to the knowledge of the Lord
their God, and convince them of the iniquity of their fathers
and that perhaps they might cure them of their hatred towards
the Nephites, that they might also be brought to rejoice in the
Lord their God, that they might become friendly to one anoth-
cr, and that there should be no more contentions in all the
land which the Lord their God hath given them. Now they
were desirous that salvation should be declared to every erea-
ture, for they could not bear that any human soul should per-
ish; yea, even the very thoughts that any soul should endure
illess torment, did cause them to quake and tremble. And
this did the spirit of the Lord work upon them, for they were
the very vilest of simmers. And the Lord saw fit in his infinite
mercy to spare them; nevertheless they suffered much anguish
of soul, because of their iniquities ; and suffering much, fear-
dng that they should be cast off forever.

And it came to pass that they did plead with their father
many days, that they might go up to the Jand of Nephi. And
iteame to pass that king Mosiah went and inquired of the
Lord, if he should Iet his sons go up among the Lamanites to
Preach the word. And the Lord said unto Mosiah, Let them
£0 up, for jmany shall believe on their words, and they shatk

 
