the remainder of my days; nevertheless, let us appoint judge
to judge this people according to our law, and we will newly
arrange the affairs of this people; for we will appoint wis
men to be judges, that will judge this people according to the
commandments of God. Now it is better that a man sho
be judged of God than of man, for the judgments of God ay
always just, but the judgments of man are.not always just;
therefore, if it were possible that ye could have just men toly
your kings, which would establish the laws of God, and judg.
this people according to his commandments ; yea, if ye could
have men for your kings, which would do even as my father
Benjamin did for this people ; I say unto yon, if this could a.
- ways be the case, then it would he expedient that ye shoul
always have kings to rule over you. And even I, myself hase
labored with all the power and faculties which I have po
sessed, to teach you the commandments of God, and to esta}
lish peace throughout the land, that there should be no way
nor contentions, no stealing, nor plundering, nor murdering,
aior no manner of iniquity; and whosoever hath committed
abignity, him have I punished according to the crime whit
he hath committed, according to the law which hath been gis
* en to us by our fathers,

Now Tsay unto you, that because all men are not just, iti
not expedicni that ye should have a king or kings to rule ove
you. For, behold, how much iniquity doth one wicked king
cause to be committed! yea, and what great destruction!
Yea, remember king Noah, his wickedness and his abomin
tions. and also the wickedness and abominations of his people,
Behold what great destruction did come upon them ; and ale
hecause of their iniquities, they were brought into bondag.
Aud were it not for the interposition of their all-wise Creato,
and this because of their sincere repentance, they must unt
voidably remained in bondage until now. But behold, he did
deliver them because they did humble themsclves before bim,
aud because they cried mightily unto him, be did deliver then
out of bondage: und thus doth the Lord work with his pow
in all eases among the children of men, extending the arma!
mercy towards them that put their trust in him. And behold
now I say unto yeu, Ye cannot dethrone an iniquitous king
save it be through much contention, and the shedding of much
blood. For behold, he hath his friends in iniquity, and ©
keepeth his guards about him; and he teareth up the lavwed
those which have reigned int righteousness kelore him; 3

 
