to establish a church, atier the manner of lis preaching,

ee
gle was contrary to the word of God; and there e buller!

%.
and that they need not fear nor tremble, but that they mig
lift up their heads and rejoice: for the Lord bad created g}
men, and had also redeemed all men ; and in the end, all;

should have eternal fe. And it came to pass that he did
teach these things so much, that many did believe on 4
words, even so many that they began to support him and gy
him money and be began to be lifted up in the pride of j,
heart, an wear very costly apparel ; yea, and even bog

   
  
  
 
  

And it came to pass as he was going to preach to those wp
believed on his word, he met a man which belonged to ty
church of God, yea, even one of their teachers; and he deem
‘o contend with him sharply, that he might lead away the be
plé of the church; but the man withstood him, admonishiy
him with the words of God. Now the name of the mang
Gideon; and it was him that was an instrument in the hap
of God, in delivering the people of Jimhi out of bondage
Now because Gideon withstood hii with the words of Gi
he was wroth with Gideon, and drew his sword and began s
smite him. Now Gideon being stricken with many juy
therefore he was not able to withstand his blows, therefor:
was slain by ihe sword; and the man who slew him wask
ken by the people of the church, and was brought befow sp
ma, to be judged according to the crime which he had em
mitied. And it came te pass that he stood before Alnaal
plead for himself with much boldness. But Alma. said me
him, Behold, this is the first time that priesteraft has heenis
troduced among this people, And behold, thou art not om
guilty of priesteraft, but hast endeavored to enforce it byle
sword; and were priestcraft to be enforced amoug this pe
ple, it would prove their entire destruction. And thou li
shed the blood of a righteous man, yea, a man which has di
much good among this people; and were we to spare the
his blood would come upon us for vengeance ; therefore da
art condemned, to die, according to the law which has ba
given as by Mosiali, our last king; and they hare been
knowledged by this people; therefore this people must abit
by the law.

And it came to pass that they (ook him; and his namewe
Nehor ; and they carried him upon the top of the bith Mat
and there he was caused, or rather did acknowledge, etna
the heavens and the earth, that what he had tang]
