over the people. Now this was alarming to the people of the
Church, and also to all those who had not been drawn away
afer the persuasions of Amlici: for they knew that according
o their law that such things must be established by the voice
of the people; therefore, if it were possible that Amlici should
gin the yoice of the people, he being a wicke nan, would
deprive them of their rights and privileges of ‘re, &e:
for it was his intent to destroy the Church of F g

And it came to pass that the people assembled themselves
together throughout all the land, every man according to his
niod, whether it were for or against Amlici, in separate bod-
ie having much dispute and wonderful contentions one with
nother; and thus they did assemble themselves together, to
ct in their voices concerning the matter: and they were laid
lore the judges. And it came to pass that the voice of the
pople came against Amlici, that he was not made king over
the people. Now this did cause much joy in the hearts of
hose which were against him; but Amlici did stir up those
whieh were in his favor, to anger against those which were not
this favor.

And it came to pass that they gathered themselves together,
ind did consecrate Amlici to be their king. Now when Amli-
tiwas made king over them, he commanded them that they
ould take up arms against their brethren 3 und this he done,
bathe might subject them to him. Now the people of Amlici
were distinguished by the name of Amlici, being called Amli-
ties; and the remainder were called Nephites, or the people
God; therefore the people of the Nephites was aware of
he intent of the Amlicites, and therefore they did prepare for
mect them ; yea, they did arm themselves with swords, and
Wh cimeters, “and wiih bows, and with arrows, and with
‘tones, and with slings, and with all manner of weapons of
fit of every kind ; and thus they were prepared to meet the
licites at the time of their commng, And there was appoint-

‘ptains, and higher captains, and chief captams, according

leit numbers.

And it cime to pass that Amlici did arm his men with all

dner of weapons of war, of every kind; and he also ap-
Mitel rulers and leaders over his people, to lead them ie
|. @eainst their brethren. And it came to pass that the Am-
Mes came up upon the hill Amnihu, which was eust of the
at Pidon, which ran hy the land of Zarahemla, and ihere
Ee ein to make war with the Nephites. Now Alma, he

 
