mark set upon them; yea, they set ithe mark upon themselves,
yea, even a mark of red upon their foreheads, Thus the word
of God is fulfilled, for these are the words which he saith to
Nephi: Behold, the Lamanites have I cursed; and I will set
a mark upon them, that they-and their seed may be separated
from thee and thy seed, from this time henceforth and foréver,
except they repent of their wiekedness and turn to me, that T
may faye mercy upon them. And again: I will set @ mark
won him that mingleth his seed with thy brethren, that they
may be cursed also. And again: I will sct a mark upon him
that fighteth against thee and thy seed. And again J say, He
that departeth from thee, shall no more be called thy seed ;
ad I will bless thee, &c. and whomsoever shail be called thy
seed, henceforth and forever: and these were the promises of
the Lord unto Nephi, and to his seed. Now the Amlicites
knew not that they were fulfilling the words of God, when
tey began to mark themselves in their foreheads 3 heverthe-
less they had come out in open rebellion against God ; thore-
foeit was expedient that the curse should fall upon them.— ,
Now 1 would that ye should see that they brought upon them-
selves the curse ; and even so doth every man that is cursed,
bing upon himself his own condemnation.

Now it came to pass that not many days after the battle
which was fought in the land of Zarahemla; by the Lamanites.
ard the Amlicites, that there was another army of the Laman-
ls came in upon the people of Nephi, in the same place
Whore the first army met the Amlicites. And it came to pass
that there was an army sent. fo drive them out of their land.—
Now Alma himself being alllicted with a wound, did not go up
yhattle at this time against the Lamanites; but he sent up a
timerous army against (hem; and they went up and slew ma-
tof the Lamanites, and drove the remainder of them out of
hehordens of their land; and then they returned again, and
~8t to establish peace in the land, being troubled no more
‘va time with their enemies. Now all these things were

© Yea, all these wars and contentions was commenced and

ed, in the fifth year of the reign of the Judges; and in one

| was thousands and tens of thousands of souls sent
© eternal world, that they might reap their rewards ac-°
ng to their works, whether they were good or whether.
‘hey Were bad, to reap eternal happiness or eternal misery, ac-
to the spirit which he listed to obey, whether it he a

sod spirit or a bad one; for every man receiveth wages of

 
