sow, that the people of the church began to be lifed up in the
pride of their eyes, and to set their hearts upon riches and up-
on the vain things of the world ; that they began to be scornful,
one towards another, and they began to persecute those that
did not believe according to their own will and pleasure. And
thus in this eighth year of the reign of the Judges, there began
fo be great contentions among the people of the church; yea,
there was envyings, and strif', and malice, and persecutions,
* ond pride, even to exceed the pride of tiose who did not be-
long to the church of God. And thus ended the eighth year
ofthe reign of the Judges; and the wickedness of the éhurch
was a great stumbling block to those who. did not belong to
the church ; and thus the church began to fail in its progress.
And it came to pass in the commencement of the ninth year,
Alma seeing the wickedness of the church, and sceing also
that the example of the church began to lead those who were
unbelievers, on from one piece of iniquity to another, this
bringing on the destruction of the people ; yea, sceing great
mequality among the people, some lifiiug themselves up with ©
eit pride, despising others, turning their backs upon the
needy, and the naked, and those which were hungry, and those
which were athirst, and those which were sick and afflicted.
Now this was a great cause for lamentations among the peo-
Jk, while others were abasing themselyes, succoring those
who stood in need of their succar, such as imparting their sub-
shice to the poor and the needy; feeding the hungry ; and.
‘ulering all manner of afflictions, for Christ’s sake, which
should come according to the spirit of prophecy, looking for-
Yard to that day, thus retaining a remission of their sins ; be-
| tsfiled with great joy, because of the resurrection of the dead,
amording to the will, and power, and deliverance of Jesus
Christ from the bands of death.
And now it came to pass that Alma, having seen the afftic-
tons.of the humble followers of God, and the persecutions
ch was heaped upon them by the remainder of his people,
aad seving all their inequality, he began to be very sorrowful ;
‘ertheless the spirit of the Lord did not fail him. And he
teted a wise man which was among the elders of the church,
gave him power according to the voice of the people, that
have power to enact laws according to the laws which
Siven, and to pat them in force, according to the
. wless and the crimes of the people. Now this man’s
+ Was Nephihah, and he was appointed Chief Judge; ane
. Mix

ee

 
 
   

 
