power of his. word; and we were brought into this land end
here we began to establish the Church of God throughout this
Tend, alse. And now behold, I say'unto you, my brethren, you
that belong to this Church, have you sufliciently retained in
remembrance the captivity of your fathers? Yea, and have you
sufficiently retained in remembranec his increy and long-sufler-
ing towards them? -And moreover, have ye sufficiently retain-
ed in remembrance that he hath deliyered their souls from
hell? Bebold, he changed their hearts; yea, he awaked them
out of a deep sleep, and they awoke unto God. Behold, they
yere in the midst of darkness; nevertheless, their souls were
illuminated by the light of the everlasting word; yea, they
were encircled about by the bands of death, and the chains of
hell, and an everlasting destruction did awaitthem. And now
lask of you my brethren, were they destroyed? Behold, Tsay
unto you, nay, they were not. And again | ask, was the bands
‘of death broken, and the chains of hell which encircled them
about, were they loosed? 1 say unto you, yea, they were
Joosed, and their souls did expand, and they did sing redecr-
ing oye. And I say unto you, that they are saved, And now
Task of you on what conditions are they saved? Yea, what
grounds had they to hope for salvation? What is the cause
of their being looscd from the bands of death? Yea, and alsa,
the chains of hell? Behold, T can tell you: did not my father
‘Alma believe in the words which was delivered by the mouth
of Abinadi? And was he not a holy prophet? Did be not
speak the word’of God, and my father Alma believe them?
And according to his faith there was a mighty change wronght
inhis heart. Behold I say unto you, that this is all true—
Ani behold, he preached the word unto your fathers, and a
mighty change was also wrought in their hearts; and they
jumbled themselves, and put their trust in the trae and living
God. And behold, they were faithful until the end; therefore
they were saved. And now behold, I ask of you, my brethren
of the Church, have ye spiritually been born of God? Have
Je received his image in your countenances? Have ye expe-
ced this mighty change in your hearts? To ye exercise
in the redemption of him who ereated you?* Do you
orward with an eye of faith, and view this mortal bedy
immortality, and this corruption raised in incorrup-
stand before God, to be judged according to the deeds
hath been done in the mortal body? I say unto you,
u imagine fo yourselves that ye hear the voice of the

 
  
  
 
