Lord, saying unto you, in that day, Come unto me ye bless

for behold, your works have been the works of righteousness
upon the face of the earth? Or do ye imagine to yourselves
that ye can Jie unto the Lord in that day, and say, Lord, Qyp
works have been righteous works upon the face of the earth,
and that he will save you? Or oilierwise, can ye imaging.
yourselves brought before the tribunal of God, with your souls.
filled with guilt and remorse; having a remembrance of all
your guilt; yea, a perfect remembrance of all your wickedness,
yea, a remembrance that ye have set at defiance the command,
ments of God? Jsay unto you, can ye look up to God g
that day with a pure heart and clean hands? I say unto you,
can you look up, having the image of God engraven upon youp
countenances? I say unto you, can ye think of being saved
when you have yielded yourselves to become subjects to the
Devil? I say unto you, ye will know at that day, that ye can.
not be saved: for there can no man be saved except his gap
ments are washed white; yea, his garments must be purified
until they are cleansed from all stain, through the blood of hin
of whom it hath been spoken by our fathers which should
come to redeem his people from their sins. And now F ask
of you, my brethren, how will any of you fecl, if ye shall stand
betore the bar of God, having your garments stained with
blood, and ali manner of filthiness ? Behold, what will thew

things testify against you? Behold, will they not testify that

Ye are murderers, yea, and also that ye are guilty of all man

ner of wickedness? Behold, my brethren, do ye suppose thal
such an one can have a place to sit down in the Kingtom of
God, with Abraham, with Isaac, and with Jacob, and also all .

 

 

the holy prophets, whose garments are cleansed, and arc spot
less, pure and white? Tsay unto you, nay, except yo make
our creator a liar from the beginning, or suppose that he is ¢
liar from the beginning ; or also, ye cannot suppose that such
an one can have place in the kingdom of heaven, but they shall
be cast out, for they are the children of the kingdom of the
Devil, And now behold, 1 say unto you, my brethren, if ye
have experienced a change of heart, and if ye have felt to sing
the song of redeeming love, T would ask, cin ve feel so now?
ELave ye walked, Keeping yourselves blameless bch

Could yeray, if ye were called to die at this time, witli your
selven, that ye huye been suffiricntly humble? That your gai
ments have heen cleansed and made w hite, through the blaa
of Christ, which will come to redeau dis people from the

   
  
   

 

  

 
