  

Devil: for he hearkeneth unto his voice, and doth follow
And whosoever doeth this must receive his wages of hin:
therefore, for his wages he receiveth death, as to things pe
taming unto tighteousness, being dead unto all good works.
And now my brethren, [ would that ye should hear me, for }
speak in the energy of my soul; for behold, I have spoken yp,
to you plain, that ye cannol err, or have spoken according
the commandmen's of God. For I am called to speak aj
this manner, according to the holy order of God, which it in
Christ Jesus; yea, | am commanded to stand and testify Up
y to this people the things which have been spoken by our fy
thers, concerning the things which is to come. And this js
not all. Do ye suppose that I know not of these things ny.
sel¥? Behold, I testify unto you, that Ido know that thes
things whereof I have spoken, are true. And how do ye sup
pose that I_know of their surety?” Behold, I say unto yo,
they are made known unto me by the holy spirit of God, Ba
hold, I have fasted and prayed many days, that I might know
these things of myself. And now I do know of mysclf tha
they are true; for the Lord God hath made them manifest unig
me by his holy spirit; and this is the spirit of revelation which
isin me. And morcoyer, I say unto you, that as it has i
been revealed unto me, that the words which have been spe
ken by our fathers, are true, even so according to the spirit of
prophecy, which isin me, which is also by the manifestation
of the spirit of God, I Say unto you, that I know of myself
that whatsoever I shall Say unto you concerning that whichis
Is true ;-and I say unto you, that [ know that Jesus
Christ shall come; yea, the Son of the only begotten of the
Father, full of grace, and mercy, and truth. And behold, itia
he that cometh to take away the sins of the world; yea, the
sina of every man which steadfastly believeth on his name,
And now I say unto you, that this is the order after which
Tam _called ; yea, to preach unto my beloved brethren ; yea,
and every one that dwelleth in the land; yea, to preach unto
all, both old and young, both bond and free ; yea, I say unto
you, the aged, and also the middle aged, and the rising gener
ation; yea, to cry unto them that they must repent and be
born again; yea, thus saith the spirit, Repent all ye endsof
the earth, for the Kingdom of Heaven is soon at hand; yea,
the Son of God cometh in his glory, in his might, majes
power and dominion. _ Yea, ny beloved brethren, I say uni
You, that the spirit saith, Behold the glory of the King of

 

  

   
 
  

 
