the earth; and also the King of Heaven shall very soon shine
forth among all the children of men ; and also the spirit saith
unto me, yea, cricth unto me with a mighty voice, saying, Go
foyth end sey unto this people, repent, for except ye repent ye
cap in no wise inherit the Kingdom of Ueaven. And again I
gay unto you, the spirit saith, Behold, the axe is laid at the
root of the tree; therefore every tree that bringeth not forth
good fruit, shall be hewn down and cast into the fire; yea, a
fre which cannot be consumed; even an unquenchable fire.
Behold, and remember, the holy one hath spoken it. And
now my beloved brethren, T say unto you, can ye withstand
these ; yea, can ye lay aside these things, and trample
the holy one under your feet; yea, can ye be puffed up in the
pride of your heurts; yea, will ye still persist in the wearing
of costly apparel, and setting your hearts upon the vain things
of the world, upon your riches; yea, will ye persist in sup-
posing that ye dre better one then another; yea, will ye per
sist in the persecutions of your brethren, who humble them-
selves, and do walk after the holy order of God, wherewith
they have been brought into this Church, having been sancti-
fied by the holy spirit; and they do bring forth works which
ismect for repentance; yea, and will you persist in turning
your hacks upon the poor, and the needy, and in withholding
your substance from them? And finally, all ye that will per-
sist in your wickedness, [ say unto you, that these are they
| which Shall bé hewn down and cast into the fire, except they

  
   
 

speedily repent.

And now T say unto you, all you that are desirous to follow
the voice of the good shepherd, come ye out from the wicked,
and he ye separate, and touch not their unclean things; and

 hehold, their names shall be blotted out, that the names of the’
wicked shall not be numbered among the names of the right-
eous, that the word of God may be fulfilled, which saith, The
names of the wicked shall not be mingled with the names of
ny people. Wor the names of the righteous shall be written
inthe Book of Life ; and unto them will [grant en inheritance
| a my right land. And now my brethren, what have ye to
_ sty against this? I say unto you, if ye speak against it, it mat-
ters not, for the werd of God must be fulfilled. For what
Shepherd is there among you having many sheep, doth not
Watch over them, that the wolves, enter not and devour his
fick? And behold, if a wolf enter his flock, doth he not
‘rive him out? Yea, and at the last, if he can, he will destroy

 
