  
    
  
 
  
   
  
  

yen ;. I trust that ye are not lifted up in the pride of your hea,
yea, T trust that ye have not set your hearts upon riches,
the vain things of the world; yea, I trust that you do not
ship idols, but that ye do worship the true and the living G
and that ye look forward for the remission of your sins yi
an everlasting faith which is to come. For behold, Tsay a
You, there be many thhngs to comes and behold, there iso
thing which is of more importance than they all> for behgl
the time is not far distant, that the Redeemer liveth and ¢ i
eth among his people. Behold’ 1 do not say that be will coy
_ among us at the time of his dwelling in his mortal tabernad
for behold, the spirit hath not said unto ine that this should ly
the cave. Now as to this thing I do not now ; but this rudy
Ido know, that the Lord God hath power to do all thing:
“which is according to his word. But behold, the spirit bay
said this much unto me, saying: Cry unto this people, sayi
Repent ye, and prepsre the way of the Lord, and walk in
aths, which are siraght: for behold, the Kingdom of Heaya,
as at hand, and the Son of God cometh upon the face of the
earth. And behold, he shall be born of M ‘y, at Jerusale
which is the land of our for fathers, she being a Virgin, a pe
cious and chosen vessel, who shall be oversh: dowed, and com
ceive by the power of! the Holy Ghost, and bring forth a 30
yea, even the Son of God; ani’ he shall go forth, ‘sulferi
pains, and afflictions, and temptations of every kind 5 and thi
that the word mizht be fulfilled which saith, Lf: will take pen
him the pains and the sicknesses of his people; and he wil
take upon him death, that he may loose the bands of duiih
which binds his people; and he will take upon him their ie
firmities, that his bowels may be filled with mercy, ee
tothe flesh, that he may know according to the flesh how t
su‘er his people “ucccording to theit “infirmities, “Now the
spirit. knoweth all things; nevertheless the Son of God suffer
eth according to the flesh, that he might tale upon him the
sins of his people, that he might blot out their transgressions,
according to the power of his deliverance 3 and now behold
this is the testimony which is in me. Now I Ray unto you,
that ye imust repent, and be born again: for the spirit” saith,
If ye are not born. again, ye camot inherit tle Kingdom |
Heaven; therefore come and be baptized unto repentane
that ye may be washed from your sins, that ye may’ have fal
on the Lamb of God, which taketh away the Sins of the worl
which isanighty to save and to-cléanse from all wnrighte

   

 

  

 

*

 
