 

ness; yea,J say-unto you, Come and fear not, and lay aside
every sin, which easily doth heset you, which doth bind you
down to destruction; yea, come and go forth, and shew unto
your God that ye are willing to repent of your sins, and enter
into acovenant with him to keep his commandments, and wit-
ness it unto him this day, by going into the waters of baptism ;
and whosoever docth this, and keepeth the commandments of
God from thenceforth, the same will remember that I say unto
him, yea, he will remember that I have said unto him, he shall
have eternal life, according to the, testimony of the Holy Spirit,
which testifiethin me. Aud now my beloved brethren, do you
believe these things? Behold, I say unto you, yea, I know
that you believe them; and the way that I know that ye be-
fieve them, is by the manifestation of the spirit which is in me.
And now because: your faith is strong concerning that, yea,
concerning the things which I have spoken, great is my joy.
For as I said unto you from the beginning, that J had much
desire that ye was not in the state of dilemma like your breth-
rn, even so I have found that my desires have been gratified.
For! perceive that ye ere in the paths of righteousness; I
perceive that ye are in {he path which Jeads to the kingdom of
God; yea, I perceive that ye are making his paths straight; I
parveive that it hath been made known unto you by the testi-
nony of his word, that he cannot walk in crooked paths;
wither doth he vary from that which he hath said;. neither
hath he a shadow of turning from the righi to the lefi, er from
that which is right to that which is wrong; therefore, his
course is one eternal round. And he doth not dwell m unholy
temples; neither cau filthinces, or any thing which is unclean
be received into the kingdom of God; therefore I say unto
you, the time shall come, yea, and it shall be at the last day,
that he which is filthy, shall remain in his filthiness.

And now my beloved brethren, [ have said these things un-
fo you, that I might awaken you to a sense of your duty to
God, that ye may walk hlameless before him; that ye may
walk after the holy order of God, after which ye have been
received. And now I would that ye should be humble, antf
hesubmissive, and gentle; casy to be entreated ; full of patience
and joug suffering ; being temperate in all things ; bemg dili-
gent in keeping the commandments of God at all limes; asking
for whatsoever things ye stand in need, both spiritual and
‘emporal; always returning thanks unto God for whatsoever
things ye do receive, and see that ye have faith, hope, and

 
