Lord,) which is contrary to the statutes, and judgments, mg
cominandments which he hath given unto his people,
_ Now it came to pass that after Alma had received his me.
sage from the angel of the Lord, he returned speedily to the
land of Ammonihah. And il came to pass that he entered |
city by another way, yea, by the way which was on Mad
ofthe city Ammonihah, And it came to pass that as he enie.
ed the city, he was an hungered, and he saith to a man,
ye give to an humble servant of God soniething to’ eat? i
the man saith unto him, I am a Nephite, and 1 know that thy
art a Holy Prophet of God, for thou art the man which ana.
gel saith in a vision, Thou shalt receive; therefore go withne
into my house, and I will impart unto thee of my food; and]
_know that thou will be a blessing unto'me and my house, Ag
it came to pass that the man received him into his house; an)
the man was called Amulek; and he brought forth bread ay
meat, and sat before Alma. e F |
* And it came to pass that Alma ate bread and was filled; a)
he blessed Amulck and his house, and he gave thanks mb
God. And after he had eat and was filled, he saith unto Ay
ulek, Iam Alma, and am the High Priest over the church g
God throughéut the land. And behold, I have been called }
preach the word of God among all this people, accordin
the spirit of revelation and prophecy; and J was in this al
and they would not reccive me, but they cast me out, ani]
was about to set my back towards this land forever. Buty
hold, I have been commanded that I should turn again |
prophesy unto this people, yea, and to testify against thar
concerning their iniquities. ‘Aud now Amulek, because #
hast fed me and took ‘me in, thou art blessed : for ] was@
hungered, for I had fasted many days. And it came to pas
that Alma tarried many days with Amulck, before he bgat
preach unto the people, a
And it came to pass that the people did wax more gros it
their iniquities. And the word came to Alma, saying, 60)
and also say unto my servant Amulck, Go forth and prophey
unto this people, saying: Repent yc, for thus saith the Loti
Except ye repent, 1 will visit this people in mine anger; s
and I will not turn my fierce anger away. And it came
pass that Alma went forth, and also Amulck, among the
people, to declare the words of God-unto them; and tif
were fifléd with the Ifoly Ghost; and they had power sina

 
