 
 
 
 
     
  
 
    
   
 
 
    

gotten so,soon how many times.he delivered our fathers
the hands of their enemies, and preserved them from being
troyed, even by the hands of thcir own. brethren? , Yea,
it had not been: for his matebless power, and his.merey, ;
his long ‘suffering towards us, we should unayoidably
been cut off from the face of the earth, long before this p
of time, and perhaps been consigned to a state of endless my
ery and wo. Behold, now] say unto you, that he coma
eth you to repent; and except ye repent, ye can in no wi
inherit the kingdom of God. But behold, this is not all;
hath commanded you to repent, or he will utterly destroy yun
from off the face of the earth; yea, he will visit you in his a,
ger, and in his fierce anger he will not turn away. Behd
do. ye not remember the words which be spake unto L
saying, That inasmuch as ye shall keep my commandmen
ye shall prosper in the land? And again it is said, Thaty
much as ye will not keep my commandments, ye shall be
off from the presence of the Lord... Now I would thaty
should remember, that inasmuch as the Lamanites haye mi
kept the commandments. of God, they haye been cut off iy
ihe presence of the Lord. _ Now we see that the word.of |
Lord hath been verified in this thing, and the Lamanites hi
been cut off from,his presence, from the beginning of |
transgressions in the lund. Nevertheless I say unto you, |
it shall be more tolerable for them in the day of judgm
than for you, if ye remain in your sins; yea, and ane
tolerable for them in this life, than for you, except ye re
for there are many promises which is extended to the Lama
ies: for it is because of the traditions of their fathers
causeth them to remain in their state of ignorance ; there
the Lord will be merciful unto them, and prolong their exe
tence in the land. And at some period of time they will lt
brought to believe in his word, and to know of the incor
ness of the traditions of their fathers; and many of them Wil
be saved, forthe Lord. will be merciful. unto all who eall a
his name. But behold, I say unto you, that if ye persist in yom
wickedness, that,your days shall not be prolonged in the lanl
for the Lamanites shall] be sent upon you; and if ye "
not, they shall .come in a time.when you know not, and
shall be visited with utter destruction; and it shall be
ding to the fierce-anger of the Lord; for he will not suffer
that. ye shall live in your iniguilies, to destroy his peop

- Say unto you, Nay; he would rather suffer that the Lam
