 

with Amulek, and they cried out saying:-This man doth revile
against ourlaws, which are just, and our wise I sawyers, whieh
we hayeselected. But Aiaulek stretched forth his hand, and
ied the mightier unto them, saying: O ye wicked and per-
verse generation; why hath Satan got such great hold upon
your hearts? Why will ye yield yourselves unto him, that he
may have power over you, to blind your eyes, {hat ye will not
understand the words which are spoken, according to their
truth?. For behold, have I testified against your. law? Ye
donot understand; ye say that I have spoken against your
law; but I have, not; but I have spoken in favor of your law,
fo your condemnation. Andnow behold, say unto you, that
ihe foundation of the destruction of this people isa-beginniag to
teJaid by the unrighteousness of your lawyers and your Judges.
And now it came to pass that when Amulek had spoken
these words, the people cried out. against him, saying, Now
ye know that this man is a child of the Devil, for he hath lied
wto us; fer he hath spoken against. our law. And now he
saith that he hath not spoken against it, And again: he hath
wviled against our Lawyers, and our Judges, &ce. And it
ame to.pass that the Lawyers put it into their hearts that
they should remember these things against him. And it came
fopass’ that there was one among them whose name was. Ze-
rom: Now he being the foremost to accusc Amulek and
Alina, he being one of the most expert-among them, -having
auch business todo among the.peaple. Now. the object of
ese Lawyers were to get gain; and they got gain according
their employ. ' oy
Now it was in-the law of Mosiah.that every. man which
vas a Judge of the law, or which was appointed to he Judges,
should receive wages according to the time which they labered
judge those which were brought’ before them to he judged.
\ Now.ifa man oweth another, and he would not pay that
which he did owe, he was complained of to the Judge; and
_ tle Judge executed authority, and.sent forth officers that the
tan should be brought before him; and he judgeth the man
*eording to the law and the evidences which arc brought as
fainst him; and thus the man was compelled to pay that which
he oweth, or be striped, or be cast out from among the people,
Sathief and arobber. And the Judge recieveth for his wa-
Sts according to his time: a scnine of gold for a day, or a-se-
hum of silver, which, is equal to.a senine, of gold; and. this ig
‘cording to the law which was given. Now these are the
