    
   
    
   
    
    
 
    

names of the different pieces of their gold, and of theiy
according to their value. And the names are given by @,
Nephites ; for they did not reckon after the manner of the dep,
which were at Jerasalem; neither did they measure after
manner of the Jews, but they altered their reckoning and
nieasure, according to the ininds and the circumstances of fy
people,.in every generation, until the reign of the Judgess th
having been established by king Mosiah, Now the reekonig
is thus: A senine of gold, a seon of gold, a shum of gold,
a lmnah of gold. A senum of silver, an amnor of sily 1 a
ezrom of silver, and an onti of silver. A senum of silvery,
equal to a senine of gold; and cither for a measure of bate
and also for a mcasure of every kind of grain. Now the
mount of a secon of gold, was twice the value of a senines a
a sham of gold was twice the value of a seon; and a lime.
of gold was the value of them all; and an amnor of silvery
as great as two sepums ; and an ezrom of silver was as g
as four senums; and an onti was as great as them all. N
this is the value of the lesser numbers of their reckoning; |
shiblon is half of asenum: therefore a shiblon for halfam
ure of barley; and a shiblum is a half of a shiblon; anda
2h is the half of a shiblum. Now this is their number, a
ding to their reckoning. Now an antion of gold is¢
three shublons.

Now it was for the sole purpose for to get gain, be
they recieved wages according to their employ ; therefore
did stir up the people to riotings, and all manner of ditt
ces and wickedness, that they might have more employ;
they might get money according to the suits which was bro

- before them ; therefore they did stir up the people against MF
maand Amulek. And this Zeezrom began to question #
lek, saying ; Will ye answer me a few questions which Ish
ask you? Now Zeezrom was a man which was expert il
devises of the Devil, that he might destroy that which 8
good; therefore he saith unto Amulek, Will ye answer tl
questions which I shall put unto you? And Amulek saith
to him, Yea, if it be according to the spirit of the Lord, whit
is in me; for I shall say nothing which is contrary to the spl
of the Lard, © And Zeezrom suith unto. him, Behold, her
Six onties of silver, and all these will I give thee if thou
deny the existence of a Supreme Being. Now Amulek sii
© thon child of Hell, why tempt ye me? Kowest thou,
the righteous yieldeth to no such temptations? Belicyest lis

 
