 

at there is no God? Isay unto you, nay: thou knowest
that there is a God, but thou jovest that lucre more than him,
{nd now thou hast lied before God ento me. Thou saidst unto
ne, Behold these Six onties, Which are of great worth, I will
give unto thee, when thon had it in thy heart to retain them
fom me; and it was only thy desire that I should deny the
ime and living God, that thou mightcst have cause to destroy
ne. And now behold, for this great evil thou shalt have thy
yward. And Zeczrom saith unio him, Thou sayest there is
airue and aliving God? And Amuick saith, Yea, there is a
(ue and a living God, Now Aeezrom saith, Is there more
tian one God? And he answereth No. Now Zeezrom saith
mio him again: How knowest thou these things? And he
sith An angel hath made them, known unto me. And Zeez-
ma saith again: Who is he that shall come? Is if the Son
God? And he said untohim, Yea. And Zeezrom saith a-
ain: Shall he save his people in their sins? And Amulek
aswered and said unto bim, | say unto you he shall not, for it
impossible for him to deny his word. ;

‘Now Zeezrom saith unto the people, See that ye remember
these things ; for he saith there is but one God; yet he saith
tat the Son of God shall come, but he shall not save his peo-
wh, as though he had authority to conimand God. Now Am-
dck'saith again unto him, Behold thou hast lied, for thou say~
tsi that I spake as though i had authority to command God,
because I said he shall not save his people in their sins, And
Tay unto you again, that he cannot save them in their sins 5
itt cannot deny his word, and be hath said that no unclean’
thing can inherit the Kingdom of Heaven ; therefore how can
Yebe saved, except ye inherit: the Kingdom of Heaven !—
Therefore ye cannot be saved in your sins. Now Zeozrom
Stith again unto him: Is the Son of God the very Eternal Fa-
ther? And Amulek saith unto him, Yea, he is the very Eter-
ml Father of Heaven and of Earth, and all things which in
hem is; he is the beginning and the end, the first and the
lst; and he shall come into the world to redeem his people;
ind he shall take upon hira the transgressions of those who be-
lieve on his name; ‘and these are they that shall have eternal
Ie, and salvation cometh to none else; therefire the wicked
jmain as’ though there had been no redemption made, except
ithe the loosing of the bands of death; for behold, the aday
cometh that all shal! rise from the dead and stand before God,
ind be judged according to their works. Now there isa death’

*
