heing raised from this mortality to a state of immortality, ang
being brought before the bar of God, to be judged accopgj
to our works. ‘Then if our hearts have been hardened, y,
if we have hardened our hearts against the werd, insomy
-tbaiit hath not becn found in us, then will our state be avi
e shall be condemned: for our words will conde
Ml our work will condemn us; we shall not be fou
_..4petless; and our thoughts will also condemn us; and in this
’* awful state, we shall not durst look up to our God; and mm
would fain be glad if we could command the rocks and th
“y mountains to fall upon us, to hide us from his presence. By
this cannot he; we must come forth and stand before him
his glory, and ia his powcr, and in his might, majesty, and dy
mimion, ang pe onicisr to their everlasting shame, that gl
his judgments are just; that he is just in all his works,
that he is merciful unto the children of men, and that he hah
ail power to save every man that belicveth on his name, al
bringeth forth fruit mete for repentance.

And now behold I say unto you, then cometh a death, eva
a second death, which is a spiritual death; ‘then is a time tha
whosoever dicth in his sins, as to the temporal death, shalld
so die a spiritual death ; yea, he shall die as to things pertae
ing upto nghteousness; then is ihe time’ when their tomes
shall be as a Jake of fire and bsimstone, whose flames asvenl
cth up forever and ever; and then is the time that they shall
be chained down to an everlasting destruction, according
the power and captivity of Satan; he having subjected then
according io his will. Then I say unto you, they shall bes
though there bad been no redemption made ; for they cannathe
redeemed according to God’s justice; and they cannot fi
seeing there is no more corruption.

Now it came to pass that when Alma had made an end
speaking these words, the people began to be more astonished;
but there was one Antionah, who was a chief ruler amom
them, come forth and said unto him, What is this that tha
hast said, that man should rise from the dead and be. changel
from this mortal to an immortal state, that the soul can ner
die? What does this Scripture mean, which saith that Gol
placed Cherubims and a flaming sword on the east of the gt
den of Eden, lest our first parents should enter and partaked!
the fruit of the tree of life, and live forever? And thus
see that there was no possible chance that they should Jive fer
ever. Now Alma saith unto him, This is the thing whieh

 
    
 

  

 
