had reviled against the law, and their Lawyers and J udges gf
the land, and also all the people that were in the land; and aly
testified that there was but one God, and that he should se
his Son among the people, but he should not save them;
many such things did the people testify against Alma and An.
ulek. And it came to: pass that it was done before the Chief
Judge of the land. And it also came to pass that Zeezrog
was astonished at the words which had been spoken; and hy
also knew concerning the blindness of the minds which he hag
caused among the people, by his lying words ;’ and his soy)
began to be harrowed up, under a consciousness of his own
guilt; yea, he began to be encircled about by the pains gf
hell. i
And it came to pass that he hegan to cry unto the people
soying: Behold, I am guilty, and these men are spotless belo f
God. And it came to pass that he began to,plead for then
from that time forth; but they reviled him, saying: Art thy
also possessed with the Devil? And it came to pass that tha,
spit upon him, and cast him out fiom among theni, and de
all those which believed in the words which had been spoken
by Alma and Amulek ; and they cast them out, and sent ma
to cast stones at them. And they brought their wives ant
children together, and whosoever believed or had been taught
to bélieve in the word of God, they caused that they should
be cast into the fire; and they also brought forth their recon:
which contained the Holy Scriptures, and cast.them into ile
fire also, that they might be burned and destroyed by fire.
And it came to pass that they took Alma and Amulek, ant
carried them forth to the place of martyrdom, that they might
Witness the destruction of those which were consumed by fire
And it came to pass that when Amulek saw the pains of the
women and children which were consuming in the fire, he was
also pained; and he saith unto Alma, How can we witnes
this awful scene? Therefore let us. streich forth our hands
and exercise the power of God which is in us, and save them
from the flames. But Alma saith unto him, The spirit cor
strameth me that I must not stretch forth mine hand ; for be
hold, the Lord receiveth them up unto himself, in glory; anl
he.doth suffer that they niay do this thing, or that the people
may do this thing unto them, according to -the hardness dl
their ‘hearts, that the judgments which he shall exercise upon
them in his wrath, may be just; and the blood of the innocefl
shall stand as a witness against them, yea, and cry mightily

 
