 

a

against them atthe last day. Now. Amulck saith unto Alma,
Rebold, perhaps they will burn us also. And Alma saith, Be
it according to the willof the Lord.. But behold, our work is,
not finished ; therefore they burn us not.

Now it came to pass that when the bodies of those which
had been cast into the fire, were consumed, and also the rec-
ords which were cast in with them, the Chief Judge of. the
land came and stood before Alina and Amulek, as they were
dound; and he smote them with his hand upon their cheeks
and saith unto’ thom, Alter what ye have seen, will ye preach
again unto this people, that they shall be cast inte a lake of
fre and brimstone? Behold, ye see that ye had not power to
save these which had been cast into the fire; neither hath God
syed them because they were of thy faith. And the Judge
amote therm again upon their cheeks, and asked, What say ye
foryourselves? Now this Judge was alter the order and faith
of Nehor, which slew Gideon. And it came to pass that Alma
and Amalek answered him nothing; and he smote thei again,
aud delivered them. to the officers to be cast into prison. And
iteame to pass that when they had been cast into prison three
days, there came many Lawyers, and Judges, and Priests, and
teachers, which were of the profession of Nehor; and they
came in unto the prison to see them, end they questioned them
about many words; but they answered them nothing. And it
came to pass that the Judge stood before them, and.saith,.
Why do ye not answer the words of this people? Know ye
not that I have power to deliver ye up unto the flames? And,
he commanded them to speak; but they answered nothing.

And it came to pass that they departed and went their ways,
but came again on the morrow; and the Judge also smote
them again on their checks. And many came forth also, and
smote them, saying: Will ye stand again and Judge this peo-
pe, aud condemn our law? If ye have such great power, why
do ye not deliver yourselves? And many such things did they
Say unto them, gnashing their teeth upon them, and :spitting
upon them, and saying, How shall we look when we are dam-
ned? And many such things, yea, all manner of such things did.
they say unto them; and thus they did mock them, for many
days. “And they did withhold food from them, that they might
hunger, and water, that they might thirst; and they also did
take from them their clothes, that they. were naked; and thus
they were bound- with strong cords, and confined in prison.
And it came to pass after they had thus suffered for many
