“And Alma and Amulek went forth preaching repentance iil
to the people in their tempels, and in their sanctuaries, and gh
so jn their synagogues, which was built after the manner g
the Jews. Andas many as would hear their words, unto they
they did impart the word of God, without any respecis of pa.
sous continually. And thus did Alma and Amulek go fg
and also many more which had been chosen for the work,
preach the word throughout all the Jend. And the establj
ment of the Church became general throughout the land, in
the region round about, among all the people of the Nephi

And there was no inequality among them, for the Lordi
pour out his spirit on all the face of the land, for to prepay!
the minds of the children of men, or to prepare their hearty

“recieve the word which should be taught among them at {
time of his coming, that they might not be hardened agai
the word, that they might not be unbelieving, and go on te
struction, but that they might recieve the word with joy, al
as a branch be grafted into the true vine, that they might enter
into the rest of the Lord their God. :

Now those priests which did go forth among the people, df
preach against all lymgs, and deceivings, and envyings, am
strifes, and malice, and revilings, and stealing, robbing, phim
dering, murdering, committing adultry, and al! manner of &
seiviousness, érying that these things ought not so to he; halk

fort
and

   
   
 
     
 
 
 
    
    
  
  
  
   

ing forth things which’ must shortly come; yea, holding
the coming of the Son of God, his suilcrings and death,
also the resurrection of the dead. And many of’ the p
did inquire concerning the place where the Son of God shou!
come ; and they were taught that he would appear unto the
after his resurrection ; and this the people did “hear wrth a
joy and gladness. And now after the Church having been
tablished throughout all the land, having got the victory om
the Devil, and the word of God being preached in its purity)
all the land; and the Lord pouring out his blessings upon fit}
people ; and’ thus ended the fourteenth year of the reign of
Judges, over the people of Nephi. ‘
