oftheir arms as wes lifted against him, and they were not a
few. And when he had driven them afar off; he retuned,
and they watered their flocks and returned them to the pas-
tare of the king, and then went in unto the king, bearing the
ams which had been smote off by the sword of Ammon, of
those who sought to slay hum; and they were carried in unto
‘he king, for @ testimony of the things which they had done.
And it came to pass that:king Lamoni caused that his ser-
wats should stand forth and testify to all the things which *
they had seen concerning the matter. And when they had all
westified to the things which they had seen, and he had learned
dite faithfulness of Ammon in preserving hia flocks, and also
his great power in contending against those who sought 1o
thy him, he was astonished exceedingly, and saith, Surely,
hisis more than a man. Behold, is not this the Great Spirit
which doth send such great punishments upon this people,
heause of their murders? And they answered the king, and
aid, Whether he he the Great Sprit or a man, we know not; -
hut this much we do know, that he cannot be slain by the
memics of the king; neither can they scatter the king’s flocks -
men he is with us, because of his expertness and great
trength ; therefore, we know that he is a fricnd to the king.
dndnow, O king, we do not believe that aman hath such
grat power, for we know that he cannot be slain. And now
wien the king heard these words, he said unto them, Now I
hho that it is the Great Spirit; and he hath come down at
lis time to preserve your lives, that I might not slay you as I
td your brethren. Now this is the Great Spirit of which our —
fers have spoken. Now this was the tradition of Lamoni, ©
Wich he had received from his father, that there was a Great
Spirit. Notwithstanding they believed in a Great Spirit, they
‘pposel that whatsoever they did, was right; nevertheless,
oni began to fear exceedingly, with fear lest he had done
Mong in slaying his servants: for he had slew many of thew,
Deetinse their brethren had scattered their flocks at the place
“water; and thus because they had had their flocis scattered,
ty were slain, Now it was the practice of the Lamanites,
5stind by the waters of Sebus, to scatter the flocks of the
weple, that theroby they might drive away many that were
Sattered, unto their own land, it being a practice of plunder
‘Mong them,
_Atditcame to pass that king Lamoni inquired of his. ser-
*als, saying: Where is this man that hath such great power?

| : mi

 
