How knowest thou the thoughts of ny heart? Thou mayest
speak boldly, and tell me concerning thege things; and also
tell me by what power ye slew and smote off the arms of my
brethren, that seattered my flocks, And now if thou wilt tell
me concerning these things, whatsoever thou desirest, I will
give unto thee; and if it were necded, ¥ would guard thee with
ny armics ; bat I know that thou art more powerful than all
they; nevertheless, whatsoever thou desirest of me, { will
grant it unto thee. Now Ammon being wise, yet harmless, lie
saith unto Lamoni, Wilt than hearken unto my words, if I tell
thee by what power | do these things? and ‘this is the thing
iat I desire of thee. And the king answered him, and said,
Yea, 1 will’ believe all thy words; and thus he was caught
with guile. And Ammon began to speak unto him with bold-
nes, and said unto him, Believest thou that there is a God?
dnd he answered, and said unto him, Ido not know what that
meaneti. And then Ammon saith, Believest thou that there
isa Great Spirit? And he saith, Yea. And Ammon saith,
This is God. ‘And Ammon saith unto him again, Believest
tow that this Great Spirit, which is God, created all things,
which is in Heaven and in the, Earth? And he saith, Yea, I
believe that he created all things which is in the earth; but I
tonot know the Heavens.’ And Ammon saith unto him, The
Heavens. is a place where God dwells, and all bis holy:angels.
And king Lamoni saith, Is it above the earth? And Ammon
saith, Yea, and he looketh down upon all the children of inen ; |
and he knows all the thoughts and intents of the heart: forhy
hiskand were they all created, from the beginning, And q
Lamoni saith, T believe alt these things which thou hast spo- 7"
Aen, Art thou sent from God? Ammon saith unto him, Tam
‘dtmen} and man jn the beginning, was created after the image
oGod; and I am called by his Holy Spirit to teach these
things unto this people, that they may be brought 'to a knowl-
tige of that which is just and true ; and-a portion of that Spir-
itdwelleth in me, which giveth me knowledge, and also pow-
“according to iny faith and desires which is in God. Ww
when Ammon had said these words, he began to the ereation
‘dl the: world; and also to the creation of Adam, and told him
Il the things concerning the fall of man, and rehearsed and
4kid before bin thé records and the Holy Scriptures of the
People, and which had been spoken by the prophets, even
own to the time that their father Lehi left crusalem ; and
| Mtalso rehearsed unto them (for it was unto the king and to

 
