were driven by the Lamanites, and they were hunted, and they
were. sinitten.

And it came to pass that when the Lamanites saw that they
could not ayerpower the Nephites, they returned again to their
own land; and many of them came over to dwell in the land:
of Ishmael and the tand of Nephi, and did join themselves to
the people of God, which was the people of Anti-Nephi-Lehi;
ad they did also bury their weapons of war, according as

their brethren had, and they began to-be a righteous people;

and they did walk in the ways of the Lord, and did observe
tokeep his commandments, and his statutes, yea, and they
did keep the law of Moses: for it was expedient that they
should keep the law of Moses as yet, for it was not all fulfilled.
But notwithstanding the law of Moses, they did look forward
tothe coming of Christ, considering that the law of Moses was
atype of his coming, and believing that they must keep those
aulward performances, until the time that he should be re-
vealed unto them, Now they did not suppose that salva-
tion came by the law of Moses; but the law of Moses did
save to. strengthen their faith in Christ; and thus they did
rain a hope through faith, unto eternal salvation, relying up-
onthe spirit of prophecy, which spake of those things to come.
And now behold, Ammon, and Aaron, and Omner, and Humni,
amd their brethren, did rejoice excvedingly, for the success
which they had had’ among the Lamanites, seeing that the
lord had granted unto them according to their prayers, and -
thethe had also verified his word unto them in every particu-
ln, And now, these are the words of Ammon to his breth-

en, which sayeth thus: My brothers and my brethren, be-

tll Tsay unto you, how great reason have we to rejoice ; for
culd we have supposed, when we started from the land of
Zarabemla, that God would haye granted unto us such great
blessings? And now Task, What great blessings hath he bes-
‘owed upon us? Can ye tell? Behold, I answer for you, for.
tur brethren, the Lamanites, were in darkness, yea, even in
the darkest abyss; but behold, how many of them are brought
‘0 behold the marvellous light of God! And this is the bles-
Sng which hath been bestowed upon us, that we have been
ie instruments in the hands of God, to bring about this
Sttat work. Behold, thousands of them do rejoice, and have
been brought into the fold of God. Behold, the Sole ipe,
and blessed are ye, for ye did thrust in the sickle, and did reap
mith your mights, yea, all the day long did ye labor; and bee.
