ay the smallest part which I feel. Who could have supposed
at our God would have been so merciful as to have snatched
ys from our awiul, sinful, and polluicd state? Behold, we went
forth even in wrath, with mighty threatnings to des i
durch. © then, why did he not consig
(uefion; yea, why did he not let the sword of his
pon us, znd doom us to eternal despair? O my soul, almost
git were, fleeth at the thought. Behold, he did not exercise
fis justice upon us, but in his great mercy hath brought us
wer that everlasting gulf of death and misery, even to the sal-
ration of our souls. And now behold, my brethren, what nai-
wil man is there, {hat knoweth these things? I say unto you,
There is none that knoweth these things, save it be the peni-
ent; yea, he that repenteth and exerciseth faith, and bringeth
frth good works, and praycth continually without ceasing:
wlo such it is given to know the myaterics of God; yea, unto
sch it shall be given to reveal things which never have been
revealed; yea, and it shall be given unto such, to bring thou-
ands of souls to repentance, even as it hath been given unto
sto bring these our brethren to repentance. Now do ye re-
nenber, my brethren, that we said'unto our brethren in the
ind of Zarahemla, We go up to the land of Nephi, to preach
nto our brethren, the Lamanites, and they laughed us to scorn ?
For they said unto us, Do ye suppose that ye can bring the
lamanites to the knowledge of the truth? “Do ye suppose
tat ye can convince the Lamanites of the incorrectness
the traditions of their fathers, as stiffmecked a people as
ley are; whose hearts delighteth in the shedding of blood;
those days have been spent in the grossest iniquity ; whose
hiys have been the ways of a transgressor, from the beginning ¢
i ny brethren, ye remember that this was their language.

    
  

 

 

ind moreover, they did say, Let us take up arms against them,
lit we destroy them and their iniguity out of the land, lest
ley overrun us and destroy us. But behold, my beloved
hethten, we came into the wilderness not with the intent to
destroy our brethren, but with the intent that perhaps we might
Se some few of their souls. Now when our hearts were

ed, and we were about to turn back, behold, the Lord
‘inforted us, and said, Go amongst thy brethren, the Laman-
iles, and bear with patience thine afflictions, and J will give
luto the success. And now behold, we have come, and been
‘tlh amongst them; and we have been pationt in our suffer-
"és, and we have suffered every privation; yea, we have tray-

 
