And it came to pass that Ammon went and inquired of the
Lord, and the Lord said unto him, Get this people out of this
land, that they perish not, for Satan hath great hold on th
hearts of the Amalckites, which do stir up the Lamanites ,
anger against their brethren, to slay them ; therefore got thy
out of this land; and blessed art this people in this generation:
for 1 wil! preserve them. :

. And now it came to pass that Ammon went and told th
king all the words which the Lord had said unto him. And;
came to pass that they gathered tcgether all their people; Yea,
all the people of the Lord, and did gather together all the
flocks and herds, and departed out of the land, and came iny
the wilderness which divided the land of Nephi from the lj
of Zarahemla, and came over near the borders of the land,

And it came to pass that Ammon saith unto them, Behold
Zand my brethren will go forth into the land of Zarehenh,
and ye shall remain here until we return; and we will try the
hearts of our brethren, whether they will that ye shall com
into their land. ;

And it came to pass that as Ammon was going forth into tle
land, that he and his brethren met Alma, over in the placed
which has been spoken; and behold, this was a joyful me:
ing. Now the joy of Ammon was so great, even that he wa
full; yea, he was swallowed up in the joy of his God, even
the exhausting of hisstrength; and he fell again to the eard,
Now was not this exceeding joy? . Behotd, this is joy whit
none receiveth save it he the truly penitent and humble seeke
of happiness. Now the joy of Alma in meeting his brethe
was truly great, and also the joy of Aaron, of Omner, al
Himni; but behold, their joy was not that to exceed thei
strength.

And now it came to pass that Alma conducted his brethrar
back to the land of Zarahemla, even to his own house. Atl
it came to pass that they went and told the Chief Judge all de
things that had happened unto them in the land of Nephi amoy
their brethren, the Lamanites.

And it came to pass that the Chief Judge sent a proclame
tion throughout all the land, desiring the voice of the people
concerning the admitting their brethren, which were the people
of Anti-Nephi-Lehi. And it came to pass that the yoice of it
people came, saying, Behold, we will give up the land of Jer
shon, which is on the east by the sea, which joins the land,
Bountifal, which is on the south of the land Bountiful ; and

 
