tablish his church; yea, the Lord God, the God of Abreahay
the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, did deliver them
of bondage; yea, I have always remembered the captivity g
my fathers; and that same God who delivered them out ofth
hands of the Egyptians, did deliver them out of bondage; yy
and that same God did establish his church among thems yes
and that same God hath called me by a holy calling, to preag
the word unto this people, and hath given ie much SUCCES
an the which my joy is full; but I do not joy in MY OWn sue.
cess alone, but my joy is more full because of the success gf
my brethren, which have been up to the land of Nephi, Be.
hold, they have labored exceedingly, and have brought ford
much fruit; and how great shall be their reward. Nowwha
Ithink of the suceess of these my brethren, my soul is eq
Tied away, even io the separation of it from the body, as il
Were, so great 1s my Joy.

And now may God grant unto these my brethren, that they
may sit down in the Kingdom of God; yea, and also all tho
which are the fruit of their labors, that they may go No more
out, but that they may praise him forever. And may Gol
grant that it may be done according to my words, ever a!
have spoken, Amen.

oe

CIIAPTER XVI.

Bruoin, now it came to pass that after the people of Ammar
were esiablished in the land of Jershon, yea, and: also aller
. the Lamanites were driven out of the land, and their dead wer
buried by the people of the land. Now their dead were no!
numbered, becwsse of the greatness of their wenbers's neither

  
 

 
  

   

Were the dead Nephites numbered. But it came to pas
that after they |. buried their dead, and also after the days
of fasting, and inouruing, and prayer, (and it was in the st
teeath year of the ro‘zn of the Judges over the peonle of Ne

pln,) there began fo be continual peace throughout all the lant}
yea, and the peaple did observe to keep the commandineis
of the Lord; and ‘hoy were strictin ob: erving the ordinances
or God, according to the law of Moxes; for they were fault
to keep the law of \loses, untilit should be fulfilled; and tus
the people did have vo disturbance in all the sixteenth year of
the reign of the Judges over the people of Nephi,
