And it came to pass in the seventeenth ycar of the reign of
the Judges, there was continual peace. But itcame to pass
in the latter end of the seventeenth year, there came a man
snto the land of Zarahemla; and he was Anti-Christ, for he
pegan to preach unto the people against the prophecies which
had been spoken by ihe prophets, concerning the coming of
Christ. Now there was no law against a man’s belief; for it
was elictly contrary to the connaangs of God,. that there
should be a law which should bring men on to unequal grounds.
Por thus sait the Scripture: Choose ye this day, whom ye
wil serve. Now if a man desired to serve God, it was his
pavilege, or rather if he believed in God, it was his privilege
teserve bim; but if he did not believe in him, there was no
law to punish him. . Butif he murdered, he was punished unto
death; and if he robbed, he was also, punished; and if he
stole, he was also punished; and if he committed adultery, he
was algo punished; yea, for all this wickedness, they were
punished: for there was a law, that men should be judged
weording to their crimes. Nevertheless, there was no law
‘gainst a man’s belief; therefore, a man was punished only
for the crimes which he had donc; therefore all men were on
equal grounds. And this Anti-Christ, whose name was Kori-
hor, and the law could have no hold upon him. And he be-
gui to preach unto the people, that there should be no Christ.
And er this manner did he preach, saying: O ye that are
hound down under a foolish and a vain hope, why do ye voke
yourselves with such foolish things? Why do ye look for a
Christ? For no man can know of any thing which is. to come.
Behold, these things which ye call prophecies, which ye say
ae handed down by holy prophets, behold, they are foolish
taditions of your fathers. How do ye know of their surety?
Beliold, ye cannot know of things which ye donot see; there-
fore ye cannot know that there shall be a Chnst, Ye look
forward and say, that ye sce a reuiission of yeur sins. But
behold, itis the effects of a pbrensied mind; and this derange-,
ment of your minds coines because of the tradition of your
fathers, which lead you away into a. belief o” things whieh are
Tot so,. And. many move such things did he say unto them,
teling them that there could be no atonement made for the
Sis of men, but every man fared in this life, according to the
Management of the creature; therefore every man prospered
Sseording to his genius, and that every man conquered accor-
dingto his strength; and whatsoever a man did, was no crime,

 

 
