 

that ye shail no more have utterance. Now when Alma had
sid these W ords, Korihor was struck dumb, that he could not
jave utterance, according to the words of Alma. And now
hen the Chief Judge saw this, he put forth his hand and
wrote unto Korihor, saying: Art thou convinced of the power
ofa God? In whom did ye desire that Alma should shew forth
jis sign? Would ye that he should afflict others, to shew un-
jo iiee a sign? Behold, he hath showed unto you a sign ; and
wow, will ye dispute more t And Koriher put forth his band,
and wrote, saying: I know that Lam dumb, for I cannot speak ;
iad] know that nothing, save it were the power of God, could
bring this upon me; yea, and Talso knew that there was a
God, But behotd, the Devil hath deceived me; for he ap-
gered unto me in the form of an angel, and said unto me, Go.
adreclaim this people, for they have all gone astray after an
wrnowr God. And he saith unto me, There is no God;
yea, and he taught me that which I should say. And 1 have
fight his words; and { taught them, because they were pleas-
ig upto the carnal mind; and J taught them, even until I had
much success, insomuch that I verily believed that they were °
‘we; and for this cause, ] withstood the truth, even until I
lave brought this great curse upon me. Now when he had
sid this) he besought that Alma should pray unto God, that
hecurse might be taken from him, But Alma said unto him,
Wikis curse should be taken from thee, thou wouldst again
ludayay the hearts of this people; therefore, it shall be un-
] thee, even as the Lord will.

Andit came to pass that the curse was not taken off of Ko-
thor; but he was cast out, and went about from house to
house, a begging for his food. Now the knowledge of what
hat happened unto Korihor, was immediately published
throughout ail the land; yea, the proclamation was sent forth
bythe Chief Judge, to all the people in the land, declaring un-
tothose who had believed in the words of Korihor, that they
tiust speedily repent, lest the same judgments would come
unto them,

And it came to pass that they were all convinced of the
Wickedness of Korihor; therefore they were all converted
Sin unto the Lord; and this put an end to the iniquity after ©
he manner-of Korihor. And Korihor did go about from house
Shouse, a begging food for his support.

And il came to pass that as he went forth among the people,
Ye, among a people which had separated themselves from the

 
