stolen away to believe in things to come, which they knew
nothing about. 7

Now after the people had all offered up thanks after thy
tmanner, they returned to their homes, never speaking of they
God again, until they had assembled themselves together again,
to the holy stand, to offer up thanks after their manner, Now
when Alma saw this, his heart was grieved : for he saw that
they were a wicked and a perverse people; yea, he saw typ
their heavts were vet upon gold, and upon silver, and upon al}
manner of fine gonds. Yea, and he also saw that their hearty
were lifted up unto great kousting, in their pride. And tp
difted up his voiee to Heaven, and cried, saying : O how lon
O Lord, wilt thou suffer that thy servants shall dwell hep
below jn the flesh, to behold such gross wickedness among
the children ef men. Behold, O God, they ery unto thee, anf
Jet their hearts are swallowed up in their pride. Behold,
God, they cry unto thee with their mouths, while they ae
puffed up, even to greatness, with the vain things of the world,
Behold, O my God, their costly apparel, and their ringlets
and their bracelets, and their ornaments of gold, and all their
precious things which they are ornamented with 3 and behold,
their hearts are set upon them, and yet they cry nnto thee ant
say, We thank thee, O God, for we are.a chosen people uns
thee, while others shall perish. Yea, and they say that thoy
hast'made it known unto them, that there shall be no Christ
© LordyGod, how long wilt thou suffer that such wiekcdnes
and iniquity shall be among this people? © Lord, wilt tho
give me strength, thet I may bear with mine infirmities ? forl
am infirm, and such wickedness among this people doth par
my soul, © Lord, my heart is execeding sorrowful; wilt
theu comfort my soul in Christ? O Lord, wilt thou grant
upto me that I may have strength, that I may suffer with pe
tience these afflictions which shall come upon me, because of
the iniquity of this peopte? © Lord, wilt. thou comfort By
soul, and give unto me success, and also my fellow-laborers
which are with me; yea, Ammon, and Aaron, and Omner, ant
also Amulck, and Zeezrom, and also my two'sons; yea, ever
ail these will thou comfort, O Lord? Yea, wilt thou comiort
their souls in Christ? Wilt thou grant unto them that they
may have strength, that they Inay bear their afflictions which
shall come upon them, because of the iniquities of this people?
G Lord, wilt thon grant unto us that we may have success
bringing them again unto thee, in Christ? Behold, O Lash

 

 

‘Ss

  

 
