ier souls are precious, and inany of them are our near breth-
pen, therefore, give unto us O Lord, power and wisdom, that
ye may bring these, our brethren, again unto thee.

Now it cameto pass, that when Alma had said these words,
"athe clappe? his hands upon all they which were with his.
And behold, .2s he clapped his hands upon them, they were
filed with the holy Spirit, And after that, they did separate
hemvelves one from another, taking no thought for themselves
phat they should eat, or what they should drink, or what they
gould put on. And the Lord provided for them that they
ould hunger not, neither should they thirst; yca, and he
ikogave them strength, that they should sufferno manner of
iflictions, save it were swallowed up in the joy of Christ,—
Now this was according to the prayer of Alma; and this, be-
cause he prayed in faith.

“And it came to pass that they did go forth, and began to

preach ihe word of God unto the people, entering into their ,
| smagogues, and into their houses; yea, and even they did

peach the word ‘in their streets. And it came to pass that

der much labor emong them, they began to have success

among'the poor class of people ; for behold, they were cast

aitof the synagogues, because of the coarseness of their ap-

pre; therefore they were not permitted to enter into their

smazogues to worship God, being ceteemed as filthiness ;

therefore they were poor; yea, they were esteemed by their

hethren as dross; therefore they were poor as to things of”
te world; and also they were poor in heart. "

Now as Alma was teaching and speaking unto the peopic .
wpon the hill Onidah, there came a great multitude unto’him,
which were those of which we have been speaking, of whieh
Were poor in heart, because of their poverty as to the things of
te world. And they came unto Alma; and the one which
was the most foremost among them, saith unto him, Behold.
That shall these my brethren do, for they are despised of all
nen, hecause of their poverty; yea, and more especially by
our priests ; for they have east us out of our synagogues,
Which we have labored abundantly to build, with our own
hands ; and they have cast us out becanse’of this our exceed,
ing poverty, that we have no place to worship our God; and
behold, what shall we do? And now when Alma heard this,
te tumed him about, his face immediately towards him, and
he beheld, with great joy; for he beheld that their alllictions
had truly humbled them, and that they were in a preparation:

 

   

 
