io hear the word; therefore he did say no more to the othe.
multitude, but he stretched forth his hand, and cried unto
those which he beheld, which were truly penitent, and saith
unto them, I behold that ye are lowly in heart; and if %,
blessed are ye. Behold, thy brother hath Said, What. shal}
we do? for we are cast out of our synagogues, that we cay.
not worship our God. Behold I say unto you, Do ye Suppose
that ye cannot worship God, saye it be in your synagogues only?
Aud moreover, I would ask, Do ye suppose that ye must not
worship God only once in a week? Tsay unto you, Itis wa}
that ye are cast out of your synagogues, that ye may be hum
* dle, and that ye nay learn wisdom; for it is necessary the
ye should learn wisdom, for it is because that ye are cast ou,
that ye are despised of your brethren; because of your ey
ceeding poverty, thai ye are brought to a lowliness of heart;
' for ye are necessarily brought to be hamble. “And now be.
cause ye are compellcd to be humble, blessed are ye; forg
man sometimes, if he is compelled to be humble, seeketh rp.
peniance ; and now surely, whosoever repenteth, shall find
mercy; and he that findeth mercy and cndureth to the ent,
the same shall be saved. And now as I said unto you, Tha
because ye were compelled to be humble, ye were blessed,
do ye nol suppose that they are more blessed who truly bun-
hie themselves because of the word? Yea, he that truly bum
bleth himself, and repenteth of his sins, and endureth to the
end, the same shall be blessed; yea, much more blessed than
they who art compelled to be humble, because of their exceci-
ing poverty ; therefore blessed are they who humbleth them
selves without being compelled to be bumble; or rather, in
, other words, blessed is he that believeth in the word of God,
and is haptized without stubborness of heart; yea, without
being brought to know the word, or even compelled to know,
before they will believe. Yea, there are many which do say,
Mf thou wilt show unto us a sign from Heaven, then we shall
know ofa surety; then we shall believe. Now] ask, Is this
faith? Behold, I say unto you, Nay ; for if a man knowetha
thing, he hath no cause to believe, for he knoweth it. And now,
how much more cursed is he that knoweth the will of God and
docth it not, than he that only believeth, or only hath cause to
believe, and falleth into transgression? Now of this thing, ye
must judge. Behold, I say unto you, That it is on the on
hand, even as itis on the other; and it shall be unto evay |
manaccording to his work.

 
