Se
«

. Yellous works ceased, and they did not progress in their joup

compass, which would point unto them a straight course

  
    
   
    
   
    
   
   
  
   
 
 

forgot to exereise their faith and diligence, and then those ma,

ney; therefore they tarried in the wilderness, or did not trayg
a divect course, and were afflicted with hunger and thirst,
cause of their transgressions. a

Aud now my son, I would that ye should understand thy
these things are not without’a shadow; for as our fathe
were sloth{ul to give hecd to this compass, (now these thig
were temporal,) they did not prosper; evem so itis with thing
which are spintual. For behold, it is as easy to give hoy
tothe word of Chyist, which will point to you a straight cour
to eternal bliss, as it was for our fathers to give heed to th
the promised land. And now 1 say, Is there not a type in tis}
thing? Lor just as suredly as this director did bring our
thers, by following its course, to the promised land, shall i!
words of Christ, if we follow its course, carry us beyond fig|
vale of sorrow, into a far better land of promise. r

O my son, do not let us be slothful, because. of the easi
of the way ; for so was it with our fathers ; for so was it me
pared for them, that if they would look, they might live; erg.
8o it is with us, The way is prepared, and if we will look
we may live forever. And now my son, see {hat ye take
of these sacred things; yea, see that ye look to God and Ine
Go unto this people, and declare the word, and be sober—
My son, farewell. :

=e
CHAPTER XVM.

The Commandments of Alma, to his son Shiblon, «
My son, give ear to my words: for I say unto you, event
said unto Helaman, That inasmuch as ye shall keep
commandments of God, ye shall prosper in the land; and
asmuch as ye will not keep the commandments of God,
shall be cast off from his presence. And now my son, J tnt
that I shall have great joy in you, because of your steadinet
and your faithfulness unto God; for as you have commencel
in your youth, to look to the Lord your God, even so 1 how)
that you will continue in keeping his commandments:
blessed is he that endureth to the end. 1 say unto you
