ot, that I have had great joy in thee already, because of thy
gildulness, and (hy diligence, and thy patience, and thy long
fering among the people of the Zoramites. For 1 knew
bal thou wast in bonds ; yea, and I also knew that thou wast
amed for the word’s sake; and thou cidst bear all these
tings with patience, because the Lord was with thee: and
mwthou knowest that the Lord did deliver thee.

And now my son Shiblon, I would that ye should remem-
i that as much as ye shall put your trust in God, even so
puch ye shall be delivered out of your trials, and your troub-
jg and your afflictions; and ye shall be lifted up at the last
iy. Now my son, 1 would not that ye should think that 4
jnow those things of myself, but it is the spirit of God which
sin me, which maketh these things known unto me: for if I
wdnot been born of God, 1 should not have known these
tings, But behold, the Lord in his great merey sent his an-
ato declare unto me, that I must stop the work of destruc-
im among his people ; yea, and J have seen an angel face to
fe; amd be spake with me, and his voice was as thunder,
adit shook the whole earth.

And it came to pass that I was three days and three nights
ithe most bitter pain and anguish of soul; and never, until I
dil cry out unto the Lord Jesus Christ for mercy, did 1 re-
eivearemission of my sins. But behold, I did ery unto him,
ad{did find peace to my soul. And now my sop, I have.
aldyou this, that ye may learn wisdom, that ye may learn of
me that there is no other way vor means whereby man can be
wed, only in and through Christ. _ Behold, he is the life and
helight of the world. Behold, he is the word of truth and
] Tehtcousness. And now, as ye have begun to teach the
word, even so ¥ would that ye should continue to teach; and ©
lwould that ye would be diligent and temperate in all things.
See that ye are not lifted up unto pride; yea, see that ye do
tot boast in your own wisdom, nor of your much strength;
ite holdness, but not overbearance ; and also sce that ye bri-
de all your passions, that ye may be filled with love; see that
Terefrain from idleness; do not pray as the Zoramites do, for
Je have seen that they pray to he heard of men, and to be
thised for their wisdom. Do not say, O God, I thank thee
ative are better than our brethren ; ‘but rather say, O Lord;
Orive my unworthiness, and remember my brethren in mercy ;
| 24 acknowledze your unworthiness before God at ell times,
] And nay the Lord bless your soul, and receive you at the last

  

 
