   
  
  

day into bis kingdom, to sit down in peace. Now go, my su
and ieach the word unto this people. Be sober. My sa
farewell,

CHAPTER XIX.
The Commandments of Alma, to his son Corianion,

And now my son, I have somewhat more to Say unto thy
than what I suid unto thy brother: for behold, have ye ne
observed the steadiness of thy brother, his faithfulness, a}
his diligence in keeping the commandments of God? Behae
hus he not set a good example for thee? For thon didst by
give so much heed unto my words as did thy brother, am
the people of the Zoramites. Now this is what Thave againg
thee: Thou didst go on unto boasting in thy strength, aj
thy wisdom. And this is not all, my son. Thou didsth
that which was grievous unto me; for thou didst forsake th
ministry, and did go over into the land of Siron, among te
borders of the Lamanites, after the harlot Isabel 3 yea, she dil
steal away the hearts of many; but this was no excuse fr
thee, my son. Thou shouldst have tended to the uninisty,
wherewith thou wast entrusted. Know ye not, my son, thi
these things are an abomination in the sight of the Lord: yeu
most abominable above ail sins, save it he the shedding of
innocent blood, or denying the Holy Ghost? for behold, ifr
deny the Holy Ghost when it once hath had place in you, and
ye know that ye deny it; behold, this isa sin which is unpar
donable ; yea, and whosoever murdcreth against the light and
Imowledge of God, it is not easy for him to obtain forgiveness;
yea, Tsay unto you, my son, that it is not easy for hin tool
tain a forgiveness. And now my son, I would to God thet it
had not been guilty of so great a crime. { would not dye
upon your crimes, 1o harrow up your soul, if it were not fir
your good. But beheld, ye cannot hide your crimes from
God; and except ye repent, they will stand as a testimony
against you at the last day. Now my son, | would that ye
should repent, and forsake your sins, and go no more aller
the lusts of your eyes, but cross yourself in all these things;

. for exeept ye do this, ye can in no wise inherit the Kingdon
of God. O remember, and take it upon you, and enoss your |

 
