   
   
   
   

the resurrection of the dead. But behold, my son, the ms
urrection is not yet. Now | unfold unto you a mystery; py
ertheless, there are many mysteries, which are kept, th
one knoweth them, save God himself. But ] shew unte
oue thing, which I have inquired diligently of God, that I qi
know; that is, concerning the resurrection. Bchold, theres
a time appointed that all shall come forth from. the dead.
Now when this time cometh, no one knows; but God kings|
eth the time which is appointed. Now whether there ski
be one time, or a second time, or a third time, that men shi
come forth irom the dead, it mattereth not; for God lnony
all these things ; and it sufficeth me to know that this ish
case; that there is a time appointed that all shall rise ty
the dead.’ Now there must needs be a space betwixt §
time of death, and the time of the resurrection. And nop!
would inquire what becometh of the souls of men, fron dy
time of death, to the time appointed for the resurrectionh
Now whether there is more than one time appointed for ae
to rise, it mattereth not ; for all do not die at once; and thi
mattercih not; all is as one day, with God; and time oni:
measured unto men; therefore there is a time appointed my
men, that they shall rise from the dead; and there is sper
between the time of death and the resurrection, And mm
concerning this space of time. What becometh of the suk
of men, is the thing which I have inquired diligently of &
Lord to know; and this is the thing of which Ido knor~
And when the time cometh when all shall rise, then shall the
know that God knoweth all the times which are appoinie
unto man. Now concerning the state of the soul betwer
death and the resurrection. Behold, it hath been made knon
unto me, by an angel, that the spirits of all men, as soon &
they are departed from this mortal body; yea, the spirils
all men, whether they be good or evil, are taken home to tht
God who gave them life. And then shall it come to pass th
the spirits of those which are righteous, are received into!
state of happiness, which is called paradise; a state of ret
astate of peace, where they shall rest from all their troubles
and from all care, and sorrow, &c. And then shall it cam
to pass, that the spirits of the wicked, yea, which are evil;
behold, they have no part nor portion of the spirit of lle
Liord; for behold, they chose evil works, rather than gout;
therefore the spirit of the Devil did enter into them, and take
possession of their house; and these Shall be cast out inl

  

 
