miter darkness ; there shall be weeping, and wailing, and
mashing of teeth; and this because of their own iniquity;
being led captive by the will of the Devil. Jsow this is the

  

     

 

date of tle souls of the wicked; yea, in darkness, and a
date of awful, fearful looking for of the fiery indignation of the
wrath of God upon them; thus they remain in this st 2s

wellas the righteous in paradise, until the time of their resur-
metion. Now there are some that have undersicod that this
date of happiness, and this state of misery of ihe soul, hefore
the resurrection, was a first resurrection. Yea, | admit it may
te termed a resurrection; the raising of the spirit or the soul,
and their consignation to happiness or misery, according to |
ihe words which, have been spoken. And behold, again it
jath been spoken, that there is a first resurrection; a resurs
rection of all those which have been, or witch are, or which
shall be, down to the resurrection of Christ from the dead.—
Now we do not suppose that this first resurrection which is
spoken of in this manner, cani be the resurrection of the souls,
amd their consignation to happiness or misery. Ye cannot
suppose that this is what it meaneth. Bebold, fsay unto you
Nay; but it meaneth the re-uniting of the soul with the body
ofthose from the days of Adam, down to the resurrection of
Christ. Now whether the souls and the bodies of thoxe of
which have been spoken, shall all be re-united at once, the’
Wicked as well as the righteous, Ido not say; let it suffice,
tat 1 say that they all come forth; orin other words, their
tesntrection cometh to pass before the resurrection of those
which die after the resurrection of Christ. Now my son, I do
‘ttsay that their resurrection cometh at the resurrection of
Christ; but behold, 1 give it as my opinion, that the souls
and the bodies are re-united, of the righteous, at the resurrec-
tion of Christ, and his ascension into Heaven. But whether
itbeat his resurrection, or after, Ido not say; but this much
sty: That there isa space between death and the resurrec-
‘tin of the body, and a state of the soul in happiness or in
isery, until the time which is appointed of God that the
dead shall come forth, and be re-united, both soul and body,
“aid be brought to stand before God, and be judged according,
‘te their works; yea, this bringeth about the restoration of
“those things of which have been spoken by the mouths of the
hets. The soul shall be restored to the body, and the
‘to the soul; yea, and every limb and joint shall be re-
d to its body, yea, even a hairof the head shall not be

 

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
  
  
   
 
   
  

 

  

  
