unto repentance. © my son, I desire that ye should deny the
justice of God no more. Do not endeavor to excuse yoursif

_ in the least point, because of your sins, by denying the justie
of God, but do you let the justice of God, and his mercy, and
his long suffering, huve full sway in your heart; but lerit
bring you down to the dust, in humility. And now, O my
son, ye are called of God to preach the word unto this people
And now, my son, go thy way, declare the word with truth
and soberness, that thou mayest bring souls unto repentance,
that the great plan of mercy may have claim upon them—
And may God grant unto you even according to my words
Ainen.

 

 

 

CHAPTER XX.

ANp now it came to pass, that the sons of Alma did goforh
among the people, to declare the word unto them, And ab
ma also, himscif, could not rest, and he also went forth-
Now we shall say no mare concerning their preaching, except
that they preached the word, and the truth, according »
the spirit of prophecy and revelation ; and they preached alle
the holy order of God, by which they were called.

And now I return to an account of the wars between the
Nephites and the Lamanites, in the eighteenth year of th
reign of the Judges. For behold, it came to pass that te
Zoramites became Lamanites; therefore, in. the comment
ment of the eighteenth year, the people of the Nephites sar |
that the Lamanites were coming upon them; therefore ther
made preparations for war; yea, they gathered together ther
armies in the land of Jershon. And it came to pass thil
the Lamanites came with their thousands ; and they came
tothe land of Antionam, which was the land of the Zonttt |
ites ; and aman by the name of Zerahemnah was their leat |
And now as the Amalekites were of a more‘wicked and 9 init
derous disposition than the Lamanites were, in and_ of thet
selves, therefore Zerahemnah appointed Chief Captains ort
the Lamanites, and they were all the Amalekites and the @
ramites. Now this he done, that he might preserve their lt
tred towards the Nephites; that he might bring them i?
subjection, to the accomplishment of his designs; for hehelt
is designs were to stir up the Lamanites to anger agall®

 
