*

CHAPTER XXi. }

A BI vue

The account af the peopie of Nephi, and their wars and tie,

scutions, in tedays af Helaman, according to the recor
of Helaman, which he kept in his days.'

Bruorp, now it came to pass that the people of Nephi wep
exceedingly rejoiced, because the Lord had again deliver
them ont of the hinds of their enemics; therefore they pay
thanks unto the Lord their God ; yea, and they did fast um
and pray much, and they did worship God with exceeding
great joy. 7

And it came to pass in the ninctcenth year of the reign ¢
the Judges over the people of Nephi, that Alma came uniofy
son Helaman, and saith unto him, Believest thou the wor
which I spake unto thee concerning those records which hay
been kept? And Helaman saith unto him, Yea, I believ,—
And Alma saith again, Believest uiow in Jesus Christ, whid
shall come? And he saith, Yea, | believe all the words which
thou hast spoken. And Alma saith unto him again, Wile
keep my commandments? And he said, Yea, 1 will kep
thy commandinents with all my heart. Then Almaailh
unto him, Blessed art thou; and the Lord shall prosper the
in this land. But behold, T have somewhat to prohesy uni
thee; but what I prophesy unto thee, ye shall not make Known:
yea, what I prophesy unto thee shall not be made knom
even until the prophecy is fulilled; therefore write the wank
which T shall say. And these are the words: Behoid, I per
ceive that’ this. very people, the Nephites, according tothe
spiritiof revelation which is in me, in four hundred yearsfwum
the time that Jesus Christ shall raanifest himself unto thet,
shall dwindle in unbelief; yea, and then shall they see was
and: pestilences, yea, famines and. bloodshed, even until {ht
people of Nephi shall become extinet; yea, and this becaus
they shall dwindle in unbelicf, and fall into the works of det
ness and lasciviousness, and all manner of iniquitics; yea, |
say unto you, that because they shall sin against so gril
light and knowledge; yea, I say unto you, that from that day,
even the fourth generation shall not all pass away, before this
great iniquity shall come; and when that great day cometh,
behold, the time very soon cometh that those which are 20%
or the seed of those which are Bow numbered among the

ooo

 

people of Nephi, shall no more be numbered among tlt
