as we must needs suppose. Now we will retura in our re,
ord, to Amalickiah, and those which had fled with him into
the wilderness: for beliold, he had taken those which Went.
with him, and went up into the land of Nephi, among the La
manites, and did stir up the Lamanites to anger, against the
people of Nephi, insomuch that the king of the Lamanites sent
2 proclamation throughout all his land, among all his People,
that they should gather themselves together again, to go tg
battle against the Nephites.

And it came to pass that when the proclamation had gone
forth among them, they were exceeding fraid ; yea, they feared
to displease the king, and they also feared to go to batle
against the Nephites, lest they should lose-their lives. Andit
came to pass that they would uot, or the more part of them
would not obey the commandments of the king,

And now it came to pass that the king was wroth, because
of their disobedience ; therefore he gave Amalickiah the com
mand of that part of his army which was cbedient unto his
commands, and commanded him that he should go forth and
compel them to arms. Now behold, this was the desire of
Amalickiah: for he being a very subile man to do evil, ther.
fore he laid the plan in his heart to dethrone the king of the
Lamanites. And now he had got the command of those paris
of the Lamanites which were in favor of the king; and be
sought to gain favor of those which were not obedient ; there:
fore he went forward to the place which was called Onidah,
for thither had all the Lamanites fled; for they discovered the
ariny coming, and supposing that they were coming to destmy
them, therefore they fled to Onidah, “to the place of arms.—
And they had appointed a man to he a king and a leader over
them, being fixed in their minds with a determined resolution
that they would not be subjected to go against the Nephites.

and it came to pass that they had gathered themselves te
gether upon the top of the mount which was called Antipas, in
preparation to battle. Now it was not Amalickiah’s intention
to give them battle, according to the commandments of the
king; but behold, it was his intention to gain favor with the
armies of the Lamanites, that he might place bimself at their
head, and dethrone the king, and take possession of the king-
dom. And behold, it came to pass that he caused his army 0
pitch their tents in the valley which was near the mount Anlti-
pas, And it came to pass that when it was night, he seat @
secret embassy into the mount Antipas, degiring that the lee
