der of those which were upon the mount, whose name was
Lebonti, that he should come down to the foot of the mount,
* for he desired to speak with him.
And it came to pass that when Lehonti received the mes-
sage, he durst not go down to the foot of the monnt. And it
came to pass that Amalickiah sent again the second time, de-
sing him to come down. And it came to pass that Lehonti
would not; and he sent again the third time. And it came to
pass that when Amalickiah found that he could not get Lehonti
tocome down off from the mount, he went up into the mount,
nearly to Lehont’s camp; and he sent again the fourth time,
his message unto Lehonti, desiring that he would come down,
and that he would bring his guards with him.

And it came to puss that when Lehonti had come down
with his guards to Amalickiah, that Amalickiab desired him
fo come down with his army in the night time, and surround
those men in their camps, over whom the king had gave him
command, and that he would deliver them up into Lehonti’s
hands, if he would make him, (Amalickiah,) a second leader
over the whole army.

And it came to pass that Lehonti came down with his men,
and surrounded the men of Amalickiah, so that before they
awoke at the dawn of the day, they were surrounded by the
amies of Lehonti. And it came to pass that when they saw
that they were surrounded, they plead with Amalickiah that he
would suffer them to fall in with their brethren, that they might
not be destroyed. Now this was the very thing which Ama-
lickiah desired. *

And it came to pass that he delivered his men, contrary to-
the commands of the king. Now this was the thing that Am-
alickiah desired, that he might accomplish his designs in de-
throning the king. Now it was the custom among the Laman-
ics, if their chief leader was killed, to appoint the second
leader to be their chief leader.

* And it came to pass that Amalickiah caused that one of his
servants should administer poison, by degrees, to Lehonti, that
he died. Now when’ Lehonti was dead, the Lamanites* ap-
pointed Amalickiah to be their Ieader and their chief comman-
der. And it came to pass that Amalickiah marched with his
armies (for he had gained his desires) to the land of Nephi, to
the cily of Nephi, which was the chief city. And the king
eame outto meet him, with his guards: for he supposed that
“Amalickiah bad fulfilled his commands, and that Amalickiah
