 

 

forth towards dhe land of Zarahemla, in the wilderness. Noy
it came to pass that while Amalickiah had thus becn obtain.
ing power by fraud and deceit, Moroni, on the other hand, hag
been a preparing the minds of the people to be faithful une
the Lord their God; yea, he had been strengthening the a.
mies of the Nephites, and erecting sma)! forts, or places of re.
sort; throwing up banks of earth round about, to enclose his
armies, and also building walls of stone to encircle them about,
round about their cities, and the borders of their lands; yea,
all round about the land; and in their weakest fortifications, he
did place the greater number of men; and thus he did fori

and strengthen the land which was possessed by the Nephites,
And thus he was preparing to support their liberty, their lands,
their wives, and their children, and their peace, and that they
might live unto the Lord their God, and that they might main.
tain that which was called by their enemies the cause of Chris
tans. And Moroni was a strong and a mighty man ; hie was
a mau of a perfect understanding; yea, a man that did notde.
light in bloodshed; a man whose soul did joy in the liberiy
and the freedom of his country, and his brethren from bondage
and slavery; yea, a man whose heart did swell with thanks.
giving to bis God, for the many privileges and blessings which
he bestowed upon his people ; a man who did labor exceed-
ingly for the welfare and safety of his people; yea, and he
was aman who was firm in the faith of Christ, and he had

“sworn with an oath, to defend his people, his rights, and his

country, and his religion, even to the loss of his blood. Now
the Nephites were taught to defend themselves against their
enemies, even to the shedding of blood, if it were necessary;
yea, and they were also taught never to give an ollence ; yee,
and never to raise the sword, except it were againat an enemy,
except it were to preserve their lives: and this was their faith,
that by so doing, God would prosper them in the Jand; or in
other words, if they were faithful in keeping the command
ments of God, that he would prosper them in the land; yea,
warn them to flee, or to prepare for war, according to their
danger; and also, that God would make it known unto them,
whither they should go to defend themselves against their ene-
mies; and by so doing, the Lord would deliver them : and this
was the faith of Moroni; and his heart did glory in it; not in
the shedding of blood, but in doing good, in preserving his
people; yea, in keeping the commandments of God; yea, and:
resisting iniquity. Yea, verily, verily I say unto you, [fall men

 

 
