sessions, that they should have no power upon the landyy!
their possession. ,
And it came to pass that the Nephites began the foundajiy
ofa city; and they called the name of the city Moroni;
it was by the Rast Sea; and it was on the south by the li
the possessions of the Lamanites. And they also
foundation for a city, between the city of Moroni and the
of Aaron, joining the borders of Aaron and Moroni ; and ti
called the name of the city, or the land, Nephihah. And (jg
also began, in that same year, to build many cities oni)
north; one ina particular manner, which they called Ja)
which was in the north, by the borders of the seashore, jy
thus ended the twentieth year. And in these prospeng
circumstances were the people of Nephi, in the commen:
ment of the twenty and first year of the reign of the Judges m
the people of Nephi. And they did prosper exceedingly, ad
they became exceeding rich; yea, and they did multiply al
were strong in the land. And thus we see how mereilil al
just are all the dealings of the Lord, to the fulfilling of alis
words unto the cbildren of men; yea, we can behold this
words are verified, even at this time, which he spake untole
hi, saying: Blessed art thou, and thy children; and ty
shall be blessed, inasmuch as’ they shall keep my comma‘
ments; they shall prosper in the Jand, But remember, it}
much as they will not keep my commandments, they shillk
cut off from the presence of the Lord. And we see that he:
promises have been verified to the people of Nephi; foriile)
been their quarrellings, and their contentions ; yea, their
derings, and their plunderings, their idolatry, their whoret
and their abominations, which were among themselves, wit
brought upon them their wars and their destructions. da
those who were faithful in keeping the commandments oi lt
Lord, were delivered at all times, whilst thousands ofllit
wicked brethren have been consigned to bondage, or 10 FF
ish by ihe sword, or to dwindle in unbelief, and mingle Wi
the Lamanites. But behold, there never was a happier lt
among the people of Nephi, since the days of Nephi, tha
the days of Moroni; yea, even at this time, in the twenly
first year of the reign ofthe Judges. And it came to pis
the twenty and seeond year of the reign of the Judges
ended in peace; yea, and also the twenty and third yeas
And it came to pass that inthe commencement offhe®

  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
 
 
 
