ites in their strength, and in their skill of war, insomuch ihe
they did gain advantage over the Lamanites.

And it came 1o pass that they did harrass them, insomud,
that they did slay them even until itwas dark. And it cane
to pass that Teancum and bis men did pitch their tents in he
horders of the land Bountiful; and Amalickiah did pitch his
tents in the bordérs on the beach hy the seashore: and afig
this inanner were they driven.

And it came to pass that when the night had come, Tem
cun and his servant stole forth and went out by night, anj
went into the camp of Amalickiah ; and behold, sleep hiad ove.
powered them, because of their nich fatigue, which was cay
sed by the labors and heat of the day.

And it came to pass that Teancum stole privily into the
tent of the king, and put a javelin to his heart; and he di
cause the death of the kingimmediately, that he did not awake
his servants. And he returned again priyily to his own camp,
and behold, his men were asleep; and he awoke them, ani
told them all the things that he had done. And he caused that
his armies should stand in readiness, lest the Tamanites hal
awoke, and should come upon them. And thus ended ile
twenty and filth year of the reign of the Judges over the people

of Nephi? and thus ended the days of Amalickiah.

 

SS
CHAPTER XXIV.

<ANp now it came to pass in the twenty and sixth year of the
reign of the Judges over the people of Nephi, behold, wher
the Lamanites awoke on the first morning of the first mont.
behold, they found Amalickiah was dead, in bis own tent; aul
they also saw that Teancum was ready to give them battle o
thatday. And now when the Lamanites saw this, they wert
aflmghted ; and they abandoned their design in marching inte
the Jand northward, and retreated with all their army into tht
city of Mulek, and sought protection in their fortifications—
And it came. to pass that the brother of Amalickiah was a
pointed king over the people; and bis name was Ammoron:
thus king Ammoron, the brother of king Amalickiah, was a
pointed to reign in his stead.

And it came to pass that he did command that his peoplt
