 

dirt out of the ditch against the breastwork of. timbers ; and
thus they did cause the Lamanites to labor, unti! they had en-
circled the city of Bountiful round about with a strong wall of
timbers and earth, toan exceeding height. And this city be-
game an cxeceding strong hold ever after; and in this city
they did guard the prisoners of the Lamanites; yea, even with-
jna wall, which they had caused them to build with their own
hands. Now Moroni was compelled to cause the Lamanites
iolabor, because it were casy to guard them while at their la-
bor; and he desired all his forces, when he should make an
attack upon the Lamanites.

And it came to pass that Moroni had thus gained a victory
over one of the greatest of the armics of te Lamanites, and
had obtained possession of the city Mulek, which svas one of
the strongest holds of the Lamanites in the land of Nephi;
and thus he had also built a strong hold to retain his prisoners.
And it came to pass that he did no more attempt a hattle with
the Lamanites in that year, but he did employ his men in pre-
paring for war; yea, andin making fortifications to guard
against the Lamanites ; yea, and also delivering their women
and their children from famine and affliction, and providing .
food for their armies.

And now it came to pass that the armies of the Lamanites,
onthe West Sea, south, while in the absence of Moroni, on
account of some intrigue amongst the Nephites, which caused
dissensions amongst them, had gained some ground over the
Nephites, yea, msomuch that they had obtained possession of
anumber of their cities in that part of the land ; and thus be-
eanse of iniquity amongst themselves, yea, because of dissen-
sions. and intrigue among themselves, they were placed in
the most dangerous. circumstances.

And now behold, I have somewhat to say concerning the
people of Ammon, which, in the beginning, were Lamanites ;
but-by Ammon and his brethren, or rather by the power and
word of God, they had been converted unto the Lord; and
they had been brought down into the land of Zarahemla, and
had ever since been protected by the Nephites; and because
oftheir oath, they had been kept from taking up arms against
their brethren: for they had taken an oath, that they never
would shed blood more; and according to their oath, they
Would have perished; yea, they would have suffered them-
selves fo have fallen into the hands of their brethren, had it
