soon-be visited with death, for we will retain our cities ani |
our lands; yea, and we will maintain our religion and tg
canse of our God. But behold, it supposeth me that] talkiy
you concerning these things in vain; or it supposeth me ily
thou art achild of heli; therefore I will close my epistle
telling you that I will not exchange prisoners, save it be w
conditions that ye will deliver up a man, and his wife, and li
children, for one prisoner; if this be the case that ye will &
it, | will exchange. And behold, if ye do not this, | will com
against you with my armies ; yea, even will arm my wona
and my children, and Iwill come against you, and J will ft
Jow you even into your own land, which is the land of og
first inheritance; yea, and it shal) be bload for blood; ia
life for life; and I will give you battle, even until you arede
troyed from off the face of the earth. Behold, I am m mye
ger, and also my people; ye have sought to murder usa
we have only sought to defend ourselves. But behold, ie
seek to destroy ns more, we will seek to destroy you; y@
and we will seck our land, the lands of our first inheritane
Now I close my epistle. [am Moroni; I ama leader of the
people of the Nephites. ‘
Now it, came to pass that Ammoron, when he had receise
this epistle, he was angry, and he wrote another epistle uit
Moroni; and these are the words which he wrote, saying: |
am Aimmoron, the king of the Lamanites ; ] am the brotha
Amalickiab, whom ye have murdered. Behold, J will areig
his blood upon you; y'ca, and I will come upon you with
armies, for [fear not your threatnings. For behold, your
thers did wrong their brethren, insomuch that they did
them of their right to the government, when it rightly belong!
untothem. And now behold, if ye will lay down your alls
and subject yourselves to be governed. by those to whom
government doth rightly belong, then will I cause that my pe
ple shall lay down their weapons, and shall be at wara0 mer
Behold, ye have breathed out many threatnings against me
my people; but behold, we fear not your threatnings; nue
theless, | will grant to exchange prisoners according to yo!
request, gladly, that I may preserve my food for my men
war ; and we will wage a war which shall be eternal, either ®
the subjecting the Nephites to our authority, or to their ee”
nal extinction. And as concerning that God whom ye sn
have rejected, behold, we know not such a being; neither
ye; but if it so be that there is such a being, we know not

 
