  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
 
 
   
  
   
 
    
 
 
  
  
  
  

drink; we are glad that ye have thus taken wine with y
for we are weary. But Laman saith unto them, Let ush
of our wine till we go against the Nephites to battle. Buty,
saying only made them more desirous to drink of the wine.
For, said they, We are weary ; therefore let us take of i
wine, and by and by we shall receive wine for our raj
which will strengthen us to go against the Nephites. And],
man saith unto them, You may do according to your desig)
And it came to pass that they did take of the wine freely,
it was pleasant to their taste ; therefore they took of itme
freely; and it was strong, having been prepared in its streng)
And it came to pass they did drink and were merry, ands}
and by they were all drunken. And now when Laman ands
men saw that they were all drunken, and were in a deeps
they returned to Moroni, and told him all the things that
happened. And now this was according to the design of
roni. And Moroni had prepared his men with weapon
war; and he went to the city Gid, while the Lamanites sj
ina deep sleep, and drunken, and cast in the weapons ofm
in unto the prisoners, insomuch that they were all ami
yea, even to their women, and all those of their children
many as were able to use a weapon of war; when Mi
had armed all those prisoners. And all those things were
ina profound silence. Butshad they awoke the Laman
behold they were drunken, and the Nephites could have dt
them. But behold this was not the desire of Moroni. Te
not delight in murder or bloodshed; but he delighted in
saving of his people from destruction; and for this cau}
might not bring upon him injustice, he would not fall upoa
Lamanites and destroy them in their drunkennes, But helt
obtained his desires; for he had armed those prisoners df!
Nephites which were within the wall of the cily, and had
them power to gain possession of those parts which
within the walls ; and then he caused the men which were™
him, to withdraw a pace from them, and surround the a
of the Lamanites. Now behold, this was done in thet
time, so that when the Lamanites awoke in the morning,
beheld that they were surronded by the Nephites wi
and that their prisoners were armed within, And_ thus
saw that the Nephites had power over them; and in thr
cumstances they found that it was not expedient thal!
should fight with the Nephites; therefore their Chief Capit
demanded their weapons of war, and they brought them i
