other have they spared alive. And we suppose that they are
pow al this time in the land of Nephi; it is so if they are not
sain. And now these are the cities which the Lamanites have
sbiained possession, by the shedding of the blood of so many
ofour valiant men:> The land of Manti, or the city of Manti,
nd the city of Zeezrom, and the city of Cumeni, and the city
of Anliparah. And these are the cities which they possessed
when J arrived at the city of Judea; and 1 found Antipus and
lismen toiling with their mights to fortify the city; yea, and
ey were depressed in body as well as in spirit; for they
lad fought valiantly by day, and toiled hy night, to maintain
heir cities ; and thus they had suffered great afllictions ofeve-
wkind. And now they were determined to conquer in this
jlace, or die ; therefore you may well suppose that this little
loce which T brought with me; yea, those sons of maine, gave
them great hopes and much joy. ¥
And now it came tovpass that when the Lamanites saw that
Antipus bad received a greater strength to his army, they were
tompelled, by the orders of Ammoron, to not come against the
aly of Judea, or against us, to battle. And thus were wefa-
wed of the Lord: for had they come upon us in this our
Wakness, they might have perhaps destroycd our little armny 5
bu thus were we preserved. They were commanded by Am-
toronto maintain those eitics which they had taken. And thus
aided the twenty and sixth year. And in the commencement
ithe twenty and seventh year, we had prepared our city and
wsclves for defenec. Now we were desirous that the La-
Mantes should come upon us; for we were not desirous: to
makean attack upon them in their strong holds. And it came
pass that we kept spies out round about, to watch the move-
uents of the Lamanites, that they might not pass us by night,
tr by day, io make an attack upon our other cities, whieh
Sere on the northward ; for we knew in those cities they were
it sufficiently strong to meet them ;' therefore we were desi-
us, if they should pass by ns, to fall upon them in their rear,
ad thus bring them up in the rear, at the same time they
"ere met inthe front. We supposed that we could overpower
™; but behold, we were disappointed in this our desire.
ey durst not pass by us with their whole army; neither
ust they with a part, lest they should not be sufliciently
“tong, and they should fall. Neither durst they march down
‘ainst_ the city of Zarahemla; neither durst they cross the
pat of Sidon, over to the city of Nephihah.. And thus, with

 

 
