their forces, they were determined to maintain those cities
which they had taken.

‘And now it-came to pass, in the second month of this year,
there was brought unto us many provisions, from the fathers
of those my two thousand sons. And also there was sent

- 4vo thousand men unto us, from the land of Zarahemla. And
thus we were prepared with ten thousand men, and provisions
for them, and also for their wives, and their children. And the
Lamanites, thus seeing our forces increase daily, and provis
ions arrive for our support, they began to be fearful, and be
gan to sally forth, if it were possible, to put an end to our re
ceiving provisions and strength. Now when we saw that the
Lamanites began to grow uneasy on this wise, we were desi-
rous to bring a stratagem into an eflect upon them; therefore
Antipas ordered that I should march forth with my little sons,
toa neighboring city, as if we were carrying provisions to 2
neighboring city. And we were to march near the city Anti
parab, as if we were going to the city beyond, in the borders,
by the seashore, And it came to pass that we did march
forth, as if with our provisions, to go to that city. And it
‘came to pass that Antipus did march forth, with a part of his
army, leaving the remainder to maintain the city. But he did
not march forth, until I had gone forth with my little army,
and came near the city Antiparah. And now in the city Ant
parah, were stationed the strongest army of the Lamanites;
yea, the most numerous. And it came to pass that when they
had been informed by their spies, they came forth with ther
army, and marched against us.

‘And it came 1o pass that we did flee before them, northwart.
‘And thus we did lead away the most powerful army of the
Lamanites; yea, even to a considerable distance, insomuch
that when they saw the army of Antipus pursuing them, with
their mights, they did not turn to the right nor to the left, but
pursued their march in a_ straight course after us; and, ®
we supposed, it was their intent to slay us before Antipus
should overtake them, and this that they might not he sur
rounded by our people, And now Antipus, beholding out
danger, did speed the march of bis army. But behold, it wa
night; therefore they did not overtake us, neither did Aut
pus overtake them; therefore we did camp for the night.

And it came to pass that before the dawn of the mornitg
beheld, the Lamanites were pursuing us. Now we were nal
sulliciently strong to contend with them; yea, 1 would ol
