safer that my little sons should fall into their hands; there-
fore we did continue our march; and we took our march into
the wilderness. Now they durst not turn to the right nor to the
left, lest they should be surrounded ; neither would IT turn to
the night or to the left, lest they should overtake me, and we
could not stand against them, but be slain, and they would
make their escape; and thus we did fcc all that day into the
wilderness, even until if was dark.

And it came to pass that again when the light of the morning
eae, we saw the Lamanites upon us, and we did flee before
fhem, But it came to pass that they did not pursue us far,
belore they halted; and it was in the morning of the third day,
othe seventh month. And now whether they were overta-
ken by Antipus, we knew not; but I said unto my men, Be-
hold, we know not but they have halted for the purpose that
we should come against them, that they might catch us in their
sare; therefore, what say ye, my sons, will ye go against
fiem to battle? And now I say unto you, my beloved brother
Moroni, That never had I seen so great courage, nay, not
anongst all the Nephites. For as I had ever called them my
sons, (for they were all of them very young,) eyen so they said
utome, Father, behold, our God is with us, and he will not
suier that we shall fall; then let us go forth; we would not
say our brethren, if they would Jet us alone; therefore let us
lest they should overpower the army of Antipus. Now
they never had fought, yet they did not fear death; and they
did think more upon the liberty of their fathers, than they did
pon their lives; yea, they had been tought by their mothers,
that they did not doubt, that God would deliver them. And
hey rehearsed unto me the words of their mothers, saying:
Wedo not doubt our mothers knew it.

And it came to pass that I did return with my two thousand,
auinst these Lamanites which had pursued us. And now be-
hold, the armies of Antipus had overtaken them, and a terrible
tattle had commenced. The army of Antipns heing weary,
hevause of their Jong march in so short a space of time, were
about to fall into the hands of the Laman‘tes; and had I not
iumed with my two thousand, they would have obtained
their purpose: for Antipws had fallen hy the sword, and many
of his leaders, because of their weariness, which was osca-
Soned by the speed of their march ; therefore the men of An-
‘pus being confused, because of the fall of their leadens. be-
mn to give way before the Lamanites.

 
