 

parah fell into our hands. And thus ended the iwenty and
eighth year of the reign of the Judges.

And it came to pass that in the commenecment of the twenty
and ninth year, we received a supply of provisions, and also
an addition to our army, from the land of Zarahemla, and from
the land found about, to the number of six thousand men,
besides sixty of the sons of the Ammonites, which had come
to join their brethren, my little band of two thousand. And
now behold, we were strong; yea, and we had also a plenty
of provisions brought unto us.

And it came to pass that it was our desire ta wage a battle
with the army which was placed to protect the city Cumeni.
And now behold, I will shew unto you that we soon accom-
plished our desire ; yea, with our strong force, or with a part
of our strong force, we did surround, by night, the city Cume-
ni, a little before they were to receive a supply of provisons.
And it eame to pass that we did camp round about the city
for many nights ; but we did sleep upon our swords, and keep
guards, that the Lamanites could not’ come upon us by nighl,
and slay us, which they attempted many times; but as many
times as they attempted this, their blood was spilt. At length
their provisions did arrive, and they were about to enter the
aity by night. And we, instead of being Lamanites, were Ne-
phites; therefore, we did take them and their provisions,—
And notwithstanding the Lamanites being cut off from their
support after this manner, they were still determined to main-
tain the city; therefore it became expedient that we should
take those provisions and send them to Judea and our pris-
oners to the land of Zarahemla.

And it came to pass that net many days had passed away,
before the Lamanites began to lose all hopes of succor; there-
fore they yielded up the city into our hands ; and thus we had
accomplished our designs, in obtaining the city Cumcni, . But
it came to pass that our prisoners were so numerous, tliat not-
withstanding the enormity of our numbers, we were obliged to
employ all our force to keep them, or to put them to death.
For behold, they would break out in great numbers, and
Would fight with stones, and with clubs, or whatsoever things
they could get into their hands, insomuch that we did slay up-
wards of two: thousand of them, after they had surrendered
themselves prisoners of war; therefore it became expedient
for us, that we should put an end to their lives, or guard them,
‘sword in hand, down to the land of Zarahemla ; and alsa our
