the Lamanites, that they should not return to the city. Andi
came to pass that when they had cut them off, they ran to ihe
city, and fell upon the guards which were left toguard the city,
insomuch that they did destroy them, and did take possession
of the city. Now this was done, because the Lamanites dij
suffer their whole army, save a few guards only, to be led away
into the wilderness.

And it came to pass that Gid and Teomner, by this means
had obtained possession of their strong holds. And it came tp
pass that we took our course, after having travelled much in
the wilderness, towards the land of Zarahemla. And whe
the Lamanites saw that they were marching towards the land
of Zarahemla, they were exceeding fraid, lest there was a plan
laid to lead them on to destruction; therefore they began (o
retreat into the wilderness again, yea, even back by the sam
way which they had came. And behold, it was night, ani
they did pitch their tents; for the Chief Captains of the Le
manites had supposed that the Nephites were weary, because
of their march; and supposing that they had driven ther
whole army, therefore they took no thought concerning th
cily of Manti, .

Now it came to pass that when it was night, that 1 cause
that my men should not sleep, but that they should mamh
forward, by another way, towards the land of Manti, And he
cause of this our march in the night time, behold, on the mor
row, we were beyond the Lamanites, insomuch that we did
arrive before them to the city of Manti, And thus it came to
pass, that by this stratagem, we did take possession of the city:
of Manti, without the shedding of blood.

And it came to pass that when the armies of the Lamanites
did arrive near the city, and saw that we were prepared ta
meet them, they were astonished exceedingly, and struck with
great fear, insomuch that they did flee into the wilderness—
¥ea, and it came to pass that the armies of the Lamanites dil
flee out of all this quarter of the land. But behold, they have
carried with them many women and children out of the land
And those cities which had been taken by the Lamanites, al
of them are at this period of time, in our possession ; and out
fathers, and our women, and our children, are returning t0
their homes, all save it be those which have been taken pi
oners and carried off by the Lamanites. But behold, our al
mies are small, to maintain so great a number of cities, and
great possessions. But behold, we trust that our God, wh?

 
