sword of justice doth hang over you; yea, and it shall fall
you and visit you even to your utter destruction. Behola j
wait for assistance from you, and except ye do administer
our relief, behold J come unto you even into the land of
rahenila, and smite you with the sword, insomuch that yey
have ne more power to impede the progress of this people,
the cause of our freedom ; for behold the Lord will not
that ye shall live and wax strong in your iniquities, to d
his righteous people. Behold, cam you suppose that the Lj
will spare you aud come out in judgement against the Lang
ites. when it is the tradition of their fathers that hath eas!
their hatred ; yea, and it hath bcen redoubled by those wha,
have dissented from us, while your iniquity is for the cause¢
your love of gloty, and the vain things of the world? — ¥e kay
that ye do trausgress the laws of God, and ye do: know fe
ye do trample them under your feet. Behold, the Lord si
anto me, If those whom ye bave appointed your govemm{
do not repent of their sins and iniquities, ye shall go up tol!
tle against them. And now behold, I Moroni am constraint
according to the covenant which I have made to keepil
commandments of my God ; therefore 1 would that ye shi
adhear to the word of God, and send speedily unto me of joe
provisions and of your men, and also to Helaman. Andie
hold if ye will-not do this, I come unto you speedily ; fark
hold, God will not suffer that we should perish with bung
therefore he will give unto us of your food, even if it mush
by the sword. Now see that ye fulfil the word of God, b
hold, I.am Moroni, your Chief Captain. I seek not for pom
but to pullit down. I seek not for honor of the world,
for the glory of my God, and the freedom and welfare oli
country. And thus I close mine epistle.

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

BE gs

CHAPTER XXVIIL.

Benoup, now it came to pass that soon after Moroni #
sent his epistle unto the Chief Governor, he received an @
tte from ‘Pahoran, the Chief Governor. And these are
words which he received: I Pahoran, which art the ©
Governor of this land, do send these words unto Moroni. lt
Chief Captain over the army: Behold F say unto you, Mon
That L do not joy in your great afllictions ; yea, it grieves #
