sist evil ; and whatsoever evil we cannot resist with our Words,
yea, such as rebellions and dissensions, let us resist them yy,
our swords, that we may retain our freedom, that we may p.,
joice in the great privilege of our church and in the casey
our Redeemer ‘and our God. Therefore come unto me Spee
dily, with a few of your men, and leave the remainder in
charge of Lehi and Teancum; give unto them power to em
duct the war in that part of the land, according to the spite
of God, which is also the spirit of freedom which is in then
Behold I have sent a few provisions unto them, that they my
not perish until ye can come unto me. Gather togetheealin
soever force ye can upon your march hither, and we will
speedily against those dissenters, in the strength of our Gol
according to the faith which is in us, And we will take pos
session of the city of Zarahemla, that-we may obiain mo
food to send forth unto Lehi and Teancum; yea, we willy
forth against them in the strength of the Lord, and we will pat
an end to this great iniquity.

And now Moroni, J do joy in receiving your epistle ; for]
was somewhat worried concerning what we should do, wiels
er it should be just in us to go against our brethren. Bulg
have said, Except they repent, the Lord hath commanded ya
that ye should go against them. See that ye strengthen [aii
and Teancum in the Lord; tell thet to fear not, for God wil
deliver them; yca, and also all those who stand fast in fle
liberty wherewith God hath made them free, And now!
close mine epistle to my beloved brother Moroni.

CHAPTER XXIX.

ANp now it came to pass that when Moroni had reccirtl
ibis epistle, his heart did take courage, and was. filled wil
exceeding great joy, because of the faithfulness of Pahort
that be was not also a traitor to the freedom and cause of lis
country. But he did also mown exceedingly, bacause of lit
iniquity of those who had driven Pahoran from the judgemet |
seat; yea, in fine, because of those who had rebelled again
their country and also their God.

And it came to pass that Moroni took a smal number @
men, according to the desire of Pahoran, and gave Lehi and
‘Teancum command oyer the remainder of his army, and t :

 

 
