of Moroni, which was in the borders by the seashore. Thus
had Moroni and Pahoran obtained the possession of the city of
Nephihah, without the loss of one soul; and there were many
of the Lamanites which were slain,

Now it came to pass that many of the Lamanites that
were prisoners, were desirous to join the people of Ammon,
and become a free people. And it came to pass that as many
as were desirous, unto them it was granted, according to their
desires; therefore all the prisoners of the Lamanites did join
the people of Ammon, and did begin to labor exceedingly, til-
jing the ground, raising all manner of grain, and flocks, and
herds of every kind ; and thus were the Nephites relieved from
agreat burthen; yea, insomuch that they were relicved from
athe prisoners of the Lamanites.

Now it came to pass that Moroni, after he had obtained pos-
xssion of the city of Nephihah, having taken. many prisoners,
which did reduce the armies of the Lamanites execedingly,
and having retained many of the Nephites which had been ta-
ken prisones, which did strengthen the army of Moroni excee-
dingly; therefore Moroni went forth from ihe land of Nephi-
lah to the land of Lehi.

And it came to pass that when the Lamanites saw that Mo-
whi was a coming against them, they were again frightened,
and fled before the army of Moroni. And it came to pass
that Moroni and his army did pursue them from city to. city,
wl they were met by Lehi and ‘Teancum; and the Lamanites
Hed from Lehi and ‘Teancum; even down upon the borders by
the seashore, until they came to the land of Moroni. And the
anies of the Lamanites were all gathered together, insomuch
that they were all in one body, in the land of Moroni. Now
Ammoron, the king of the Lamanites, was also with them.

And i{ came to pass that Moroni, and Lehi, and Teancum,
id encamp with their armies round about in the borders of
the land of Moroni, insomuch that the Lamanites were en- '
tieled about in the borders by the tilderness, on the south,
imd in the borders by the wilderness, on the east; and
thas they did encamp for the night... For behold, the Nephites
ad the Lamanites also, were weary because of the greatness
ofthe march; therefore they did not resolve upon any strata-
san in the night time, save it were Teancum: for he was ex-

ivg angry with Ammoron, insomuch that he considered
thet Aramoron, and Amalickiah his brother, had been the cause
this great and lasting war between them and the Lamanites,

 

]
