which had been the cause of so much war and bloodshed, yea,
and so much famine.

‘And it came to pass that Teancum, in his anger, did go for)
into the camp of the Lamanites, and did let himself down ove
the walls of the city. And he went forth with a cord, frop
place to place, insomuch that he did find the king; and he did
cast a javelin.at him, which did pierce him near the hearts
But behold, the king did awake his servaut before he diel,
insomuch that they did pursue Teancum, and sles him.

Now it came to pass that when Lehi and Moroni knew that
Teancum was dead, they were excecding sorrowful: for 4
hold, he had been a man which had fought valiantly for hi
country, yea, a truc friend to liberty ; and he had suffered ve
many exceeding sore afflictions. But behold, he was dead
and had gone the way of all the earth. ™

Now it came to pass that Moroni marched forth on the mar
row, and came upon the Lamanites, insomuch that they di
slay them with a great slaughter ; and they did drive them oi
of the land; and they did flee, even that they did not retin
at that lime against the Nephites. And thus ended the thiny
and first year of the reign of the Judges over the people of Ne
phi; and thus they had had wars, and bloodsheds, and fan.
me, and allliction, for the space of many years. And ther
had been murders, and contentions; and dissensions, and al
manner of iniquity among the people of Nephi; neveriheles,
for the righteous' sake, yea, because of the prayers of fle
righteous, they were spared. But behold, because of the &
ceeding great length of the war between the Nephites and lt
Lamanites, many had become hardened, because of the exc
ding great length of the war; and many were softened, hecaiw
of their afflictions, insomuch that they did humble themselre
before God, evenin the depth of humility.

And it came to pass that after Moroni had fortified thee
parts of the land which were most exposed to the Lamaniitt
until they were sufliciently strong, he returned to the city?
Zarahemla, and also Helaman returned to the place of lis
inheritance; and there was once more peace established anioe
the people of Nephi. And Moroni yielded up the comma
of his armies into the hands of his son, whose name was Mt
ronihah ; and he retired to his own house, that he might sem
the remainder of his days in peace. And Pahoran did refit
to his judgement seat; and Helaman did take upon him ag
to preach unto the people the word of God: for because?

 
