so many wars and contentions, it had become expedient that
aregulation should. be made again in the chnreh; therefore
Helaman and his: brethren went forth, and did declare the
word of Gid with much power, unto the convincing of many
people of their wickedness, which did cause them to repent of
‘heir sins, and to be baptized unto the Lord their God.

And it came to pass that they did establish again the church
of God, throughout all the land; yea, and regulations were
made concerning the law. And their Judges, and their Chief
Judges were chosen. And the people of Nephi began to pros-
per again in the land, and began to mult} ply and to wax excee-
ding strong again in the land. And they began'to grow excee-
ding rich; but notwithstanding their riches, or their strength,
or their prosperity, they were not lifted up in the pride of their
eyes; neither were they slow io remember the Lord their
God; but they did humble themselves: exceedingly before him ;
yea, they did remember how great things the Lord had done
for them, that he had delivered them from death, and from
tonds, and from prisons, and from all manner of afilictions ;
ad he had delivered them out of the hands of their enemies.
4nd they did pray unto the Lord their God continually, inso-
tuch that the Lord did bless them, according to his word, so
hat they did wax strong, and prosper in the land. And it
tame to pass that all these things were done. . And Helaman
fied, in the thirty and fifth year ofthe reign of the Judges
ter the people of Nephi.

CHAPTER XXX.

_Ayn it came to pass in the commencement of the thirty and
txth year of the reign of the Judges over the people of Nephi,
that Shiblon took possession of those sacred things which had
Hn delivered unto Telaman by Alma; and he was a just
man and he did walk uprightly before God; aud he did ob-
ste to do good continually, to keep the commandments of
"eLord his God ; and also did his brother.

And it came to pass that Moroni diced also. And thus en-
él the thirty and sixth year of the reign of the J udges. And
me (o pass that in the thirty and seventh year of the reign
the Judges, there was a large company of men, even to the
ount of five thousand and four hundred men, with their

bs

 

kh
