toe thirty and ninth year of the reign of the Judges over the
people of Nephi. And thus ended the account of Alma, and
Helaman his son, and also Shiblon, which was his son.

THE BOOK OF HELAMAN.
CHAPTER J.

dn account of the Nophites. Their wars and contentions,
and their dissension. dad also the prophecies of many
Holy Prophets, before the coming of Christ, according to
the record of Helaman, which was the son of Helaman, and
also according to the records of his sons, evcn down to the
coming of Christ. And also many of the Lamaniles are
converted. An account of their conversion. In account
of the righteousness of the Lamanites, and the wickedness
and abominations of the Nephites, according to the record
of Helaman and his sons, even down to the coming of
Christ, which is called the Book of Helaman, &c.

~ Axp now behold, it came to pass in the commencement of
the forticth year of the reign of the Judges over the people of ©
Nephi, there began to be a serious difficulty among the people
ofthe Nephites. For behold, Paboran had died, and gone the
way of all the earth; therefore there began to be a serious
contention concerning who should have the judgement seat
imong the brethren, which were the sons of Pahoran. Now
these are their ‘names which did contend for the judgement
seat, which did also cause the people to contend: Pahoran,
Faanchi, and Pacumeni. Now these are not all the sons of
Pahoran, (for he had many,) but these are they which did con-
tend for the judgement seat ; therefore they did cause three
divisions among the people. Nevertheless, it came to pass
that Pahoran was appointed by the voice of the people to be
aChief Judge and a governor over the people of Nephi.

And it came to pass that Pacumeni, when he saw that he
could not obtain the judgement seat, he did unite with the
Yoiee of the people. But behold, Paanchi, and that part of
the people that were desirous that he should be their governor,

exceeding wroth; therefore he was about to flatter away
| se people to rise up in rebellion against their brethren,

 
