And it came to pass as he was about to do this, behold, be
Was taken, and was tried according to the voice of the people,
and condemped unto death ; for he had raised up in rebeltion,
and sought to destroy the liberty of the people. . Now whey
those people which were desirous that he should be their gov
ernor, saw that he was condemned unto death, therefore they
were angry; and hehold, they sent forth one Kishkumen, even
to the judgement seat of Pahoran, and murdered Pahoran as le
sat upon the judgement seat. And he was pursued by the
servants of Pahoran; but behold, so speedy was the flight of
Kishkumen, that no man could overtake him. And he went
unto those that sent him, and they all entercd into a covenant,
yea, swearing by their everlasting Maker, that they would tel)
no man that Kishkumen had murdered Pahoran; therefor:
Kishkumen was uot known among the people of Nephi, forke
was in disguise at the time that he murdered Pahoran. And
Kishkumen, and his bang which had covenanted with him, did
mingle themselves among the people, in a manner that they
all could not be found; but as many as were found, were com
demned unto death. And now behold, Pacumeni was appoint:
ed, according to the voice-of the people, to be a Chief Judy.
and a govereor over the people, to reign in the stead of his
brother Pahoran ; and it-was according to his right. And dl
this was done, in the fortieth year of the reign of the Judges;
and it had an end, mm

And it came to pass in the forty and first year of the reign
of the Judges, that the Lamanites had gathered together a
innumerable army of men, and armed them with swords, and
with cimeters, and with bows, and with arrows, and with heat»
plates, and with breast-plates, and with all manner of shielis
of every kind; and they came down again, that they might piteh
battle against the Nephites. And they were led by a mm
whose name was. Coriantumr;-and he was a descendant
Zarahemla; and he wasa dissenter from among the Nephites:
and he was a large and a mighty man; therefore the king af
the Lamanites, whose name waa Tubaloth, who was the sot
of Ammoron. Now Tubsloth supposing that Coriantumr, be
being a mighty man, could stand against the Nephites, ins
mach with his strength, and also with his great wisdom, thal
by sending him forth, he should gain power oyer the Ne
phites; therefore he did stir them up to anger, and he did
gather together his armies, and he did appoint Coriantumn!*

 
