}

jetheir Jeader, and did cause that they should march down
‘othe land of Zarahemila, to batile against the Nephites.

And it came (o pass that because of so much contention
md so much difficulty in the government, that they had not
kept sufficient guards in the Jand of Zarahemla; for they had
supposed that the Lamanites durst not come into the heart of
ther Jands to attack that great city Zarahemla, But it came
iopass that Coriantumy did march forth at the head of his
sumerous host, and came upon the inhabitants of the city, and
their march was with such exceeding great speed, that there
mas no time for the Nephites to gather together their armies;
derefore Coriantumr did ent down. the wateh by the entrance
athe city, and did march forth with kis whole army into the
aly, and they did slay every one who did oppose them, inso-
quch that they did take possession of the whole city, And it
eae to pass that Pacumeni, which was the Chief Judge, did
ice before Coriantamr, even io the walls of the city. . And it
aneto pass that Coriantumr did smiie him against the wall,
asomuch that he died. And thus ended the days of Pacume-
a, And now when Coriantumr saw that he was in possess-
mofthe city of Zarahemla, and saw that the Nephites had
fed before ihem, and were slain, and were taken, and were
astinto prison, and that he had obtained the possess ‘ion of
lestrongest hold in all the land, his heart took courage, inso-
mich ihat he was about to go forth against allthe land. And
‘jwhe did not tarry in the land of Zarahemla, but he did
warch forth with a large army, even towards the city of Boun-
lil; for it was his determination to go forth and cut his way
hough with the sword, that he might obtain the north parts.
ilike land ; and supposing that their greatest strength was in
lecentre of the land, therefore he did march forth, giving
hem’ no time to assemble themselves together, save. it were
small bodies ; and in this manner they did fall upon them
ideut them down to the earth. But behold, this march of
Corantumr through the centre of the land, gave Moronihah
seat advantage over them, notwithstanding the greatness of
ihe number of the Nephites which were slain. for behold,
“oronihah had supposed that the Lamanites: nol come
lito the centre of the land; but that they would attack’ the ci-
lisstound about in. the borders, as they had hitherto done;
“erefore Moronihah had caused that their strong armies

id maintain those parts round about by the borders. But
bold, the Lamaniles were not frightened according to his de-

  

 

 

|
