wo the filling their souls. with joy and consolation, yea, even
jothe purifying and the sanctification of their hearts, which
sanctification cometh because of their yielding their hearts unto
God, And it came to pass that the fifty and second year
aded in peace also, save it were the exceeding great pride
which had got inte the hearts of the people ; and it was be-
ause of their exceeding great riches, and their prosperity in
heJand; and it did grow upon them from day to day.

And it came to pass, in the fifty and third year of the reign
dthe Judges, Helaman died, and his eldest son Nephi began
wreignin his stead. And it came to pass that he did fill the
jmgement scat with justice and equity; yea, he did keep the
omaandments of God, and did walk inthe ways of his fa
er. And it came to pass in the fifty and fourth year, there
yee many dissensions in the church, and there was also 9
wnlention among the people, insomuch that there was much
toodshed ; and the rebcllious part were slain and driven out
ithe land, and they did go unto the king of the Lamanites.
And it came to pass that they did endeavor to stir up the
lamanites to war against the Nephites ; but behold, the La-
unites were excecding fraid, insomuch that they would not
lerken to the words of those dissenters. But it came to pass
athe fifty and sixth year of the reign of the Judges, there
Yee dissenters which went up from the Nephites unto the
Lanani and they succeeded with those others in stirring
lim up to anger against the Nephites ; and they were all that
jar preparing for war. And in the fifty and ‘sevenih year,
ieydid come down against the Nephites to battle, and they
(icommence the work of death ; yea, insomuch, that in the
illy and eighth year of the reign of the Judges, they sueceed-
um obtaining possession of the Jand of Zarahermla ; yea, and
wall the lands, even unto the land which was near the land
Sountful ; and the Nephites, and the armies of Moronihah,
tee driven even into the land of Bountiful; and there they
fortify against the Lamanites, from the West Sea, even
tla the Hast; it being a day’s journey for a Nephite, on the
Atwhich they had fortified and stationed their armies to de-
‘od their north country. And thus those dissenters of the
*hites, with the help of a numerous army of the Lamanites,
Hd obtained all the possession of the Nephites which was in
Neland southward. And all this was done in the fifty and
“shth and ninth years of the reign of the Judges.

And it came to pass in the sixticth year of the reign of the

e

 

  

 
