 

man taught to his sons; yea, he did teach them many things
witich are not written, and also many things which are written.
And they did remember his words; end therefore they went
forth, keeping the commandments of God, to teach the word
of God among all the people of Nephi, beginning at the city
Bountiful; and fron thence forth to the city of Gid; and from
the city of Gid to the city of Mulck; and even from one city
to another, untl they had gone forth among all the people of
Nephi, which were in the Jand southward ; and from thence
into the lund of Zarahemla, among the Lamanites.

And it came to pass that they did preach with great power,
insomuch that they did confound many of those dissenters
which had gone over from the Nephites, insomuch that they
came forth and did confess their sins, and were baptized unto
repentance, and immediately returned to the Nephites, to en-
deavor to repair unto them the wrongs which they had done.
And it came to pass. that Nephi and Lehi did preach unto the.
Lamanites with such great power and authority: for they had
power and authority given unto them that they might speak;
and they also had what they should speak, given unto them;
therefore they did speak unto the great astonishment of the
Lamanites, to the convincing them, insomuch that there were
eiglit thousand of the Jamanites which were in the land of
Zarahemla and round absut, baptized unto repentance, and
were convinced of the wickedness of the traditions of their
fathers, yy
And it came to pass that Nephi and Lehi did proceed from
thenee to go to the land of Nephi. And it came to pass that
they were taker by an army of the Lamanites, and cast into. ».”
prison; yea, even in that same prison in which Ammon and
his brethren were cast by the servants of Limhi. And after
theyhad been cast into prison many days without food, behold, |
they went forth into the prison to take them, that they might
slay them, And it came to pass that Nephi and Lehi were
‘neircled about as if by fire, even insomuch that they durst not
lay their-hands upon them for fear, lest they should be burned,
Nevertheless, Nephi and Lehi were not burned; and they were -
as standing in the midst of fire, and were not burned. And ©
When they saw that they were encircled 2bout witha pillar of —.
© and that it burned them not, their hearts did take courage.

w they saw that the Lamanites durst not lay their hands u
™ them; neither durst. they come near unto them, but stood
‘wif they were struck dumb with amazement.

 

 
