Lamanites were convinced of them, because of the greatness
of the evidencess which they had received; and as inany as
were convinced, did lay down their weapons of war, and also
their hatred, and the tradition of their fathers. And it came
to pass that they did yield up unto the Nephites, the lands of
their possession. '

And it'came to pass that when the sixty-and second year of
the reign of the Judges had ended, all these things had hap-
pened, and the Lamanites had become, the more part of them,
a righteous people, insomuch that their righteousness did ex-
ceed that of the Nephites, because of their firmness, and their
steadiness in the faith. For behold, there were many of the
Nephites which had become hardened, and impenitent, and
grossly wicked, insomuch that they did reject the word of
God, and all the preaching and prophecying which did come
among them. Nevertheless, the people of the chureh did have
great joy, because of the conversion of the Lamanites; yea,
because of the church of God, which had been established
among them. And they did fellowship one with another, and
did rejoice one with another, and did have great joy. And it
came to pass that many of the Lamanites did come down into
the land of Zarahemla, and did declare unto the people of the
Nephites the manner of their conversion, and did exhort them
to faith and repentance; yea, and many did preach with ex-
ceeding great power and authority, unto the bringing down
many of them into the depths of humility, to be the haale
followers of God and the Lamb. ;

And it came to pass that many of the Lamanites did go into
the land northward; and also Nephi and Lehi went into the
land northward, to preach unto the people. And thus ended
the sixty and third year. And behold, there was peace in all
the land, insomuch that the Nephites did go into whatsoever
part of the land they would, whether among the Nephites or
the Lamanites. And it came to pass that the Lamanites did
alzo go whithersoever they would, whether it were among the
Lamanites or among the Nephites; and thus they did have
free intercourse one with another, for to bay and to sell, and
to get gain, according to their desire.

And it came to pass that they became exceeding rich, both
the Lamanites and the Nephites; and they did have an excee-
ding plenty ofgold, and of silver, and of all manner of precious
metals, both in the land south, and in the land north, Now
the land south was called Lehi, and the land north was called
