Mulek, which was after the sons of Zedekiah; for the Lord
did bring Mulek into the Jand north, and Lehi into the land
south. And beliold, there was all manner of gold in both these
Jands, and of silver, and of precious ore of every kind; and
there was also curious workmen, which did work all kinds of
ore, and did refine it; and thus they did become rich. They
did raise grain in abundance, both in the north and in the south;
and they did flourish exceedingly, both in the north and in the
south. And they did multiply and wax exceeding strong in
the land. And they did raise many flocks and herds, yea,
many fatlings. Behold, their women did toil and spin, and did
make all manner of cloth, of fine twined linca, and cloth of
every kind, to clothe their nakedness, And thus the sixty and
fourth year did pass away in peace. And in the sixty and
filth year, they did also have great joy and peace; yea, much
preachiag, and. many prophecies concerning that which was to
come. And thus passed away the sixty and fifth year.

And it came to pass that in the sixty and sixth year of the
reign of the Judges, behold, Cezoram was murdered by an
known hand, as he sat upon the judgement seat: And it
¢ame to pass that in the same year, that his son, which had
been appointed by the people in his stead, was also murdered,
And thus ended the sixty and sixth year. And in fhe com-
nencement of the sixty and seventh year, the people began to
grow exceeding wicked again. For behold, the Lord had
Hlessed them so long with the riches of the world, that they
had not been stirred up to anger, to wars, nor to bloodsheds;
therefore they began to set their hearts upon their riches; yea,
they began fo seek to get gain, that they might be lifted up one
above another; therefore they began to commit secret mur-
ders, and to rob, and'to plunder, that they might get gain.
And now behold, those murderers and plunderers were a band
Which bad been formed by Kishkumen and Gadianton. And
how it had come to pass that there were many, even among
the Nephites, of Gadianton’s band. But behold, they were
lore mimerous among the more wicked part of the Laman-
les. And they were called Gadianton’s robbers and murder-
es; and it was they which did murder the Chief Judge Cezo-
km, and his son, while in the judgement seat;yand behold,
they were not found.

And now it came to pass that when the Lamanites found

there were robbers among thei, they were exceeding sor-
| ‘wlul; and they did use every means whatsoever was in

 
