And behold, he doth carry.on his works of davknéss and se-
get murder, and doth hand down their plots, and their aaths,
and their covenants, and their plans of awful wickedness, from.
generation to generation, according as he can get hold upon
the hearts of the children, of men,. And now behold, he had
got great hold upon the hearts of the Nephites; yea, insomuch
that they had become exceeding wicked; yea, the more part
ofthem had turned out of the way of rightcousness, and did
trample under their-feet the commandments of Ged, and did
tum unio their own ways, and did build up unto themselves
idols. of their gold and their silver.

And it came to pass that all these iniquities did come unto
them, in the space of not many years, imsorouch that a more
pattof it had come unto them inthe sixty and seventh year of
the reign of the Judges over the people of Nephi. And they
didgrow in their iniquities, in the sixty and eighth year also,
fothe great sorrow and lamentation of the righteous. And
thus we sce that the Nephites did begin to dwindle in unbelief,
al grow in wickedness and abominations, while the Laman-
ites began t6 grow exceedingly in the knowledge of their God;
yea. they did begin to keep his statutes and commandments,
alto walk in truth and uprightness before him. And thus
we see that the spirit of the Lord began to withdraw from the
Nephites, beeause of the wickedness and the hardnes of their,
hears, And thus we sce that the Lord began to pour out his
spitit upon the Lamanites, because of their easiness and wil-
Ingness to believe in his word. ,

And it came to pass that the Lamanites did hunt the band.
robbers of eukarhons and they did preach the word of
God among the nore wicked part of them, insomuch that this.
tand of robbers was utterly destroyed from. among the Laman-
iis, And it came to pass.on the other hand, that the Nephites
did build them up and. support them, beginning at the more
Wicked part of them, until] they had overspread all the. Jand of
the Nephites, and had seduced the more part of the rightcous,
will they had come down to believe in their works, and par- —
tike of their spoils, and to join with them in their secret m
dts and combinations. And thus they did obtain the sole
Management of the government, insomuch that they did tram-
Pe under their feet, and smite, and rend, and turn their backs
‘non the poor, and the meek, and humble followers of God.
| And thus we see that they were in an awful state, and ripen-

 
