also the words which was spoken by this'man, Moses, which
had such great power given unto him ; yea, the words whi
he hath spoken concerning the coming of the Messiah. Ya,
did he not bear record, that the Sou of God should come!~
And as he lifted up the brazen serpent in the wilderness, erm
so shall he be lifted up which should come. And as munya
should jook upon that serpent should live, cven so as manyy
should look upon the Son of God, with faith, faving a co
trite spirit, might live, even unto that life which is eternal=
And now behold, Moses did not only testify of these thing,
but also all the holy prophets, from bis day even to the dap
of Abrabam. Yea, and behold, Abraham saw of his comiig
and was filled with gladness, and did rejoice. Yea, and be
hold Tsay unto you, That Abraham not only knew of thre
things, but there were’many before the days of Abrabat
which were culled by the order of God; yeu, even afiertle
order of his Son; and this that it should be shewn untotie
people a great many thousand years before his coming, thi
even redemption should come unto them. And now I woild
that ye should know, that even since the days of Abrohay
there hath been many prophets that hath testified these thingy,
yea, behold, the prophet Zenas did testify boldly 5 lor the
which he was slain. And behold, also Zenoch, and als
_ Exias, and also Isaiah, and Jeremiah, (Jeremiah being thal
same prophet which testified of the destruction of J erusalem|
And now we know that Jerusulem was destroyed, accordig
to the words of Jeremiah. O then why not the Son of Ga
come, according to his prophecy? And now will ye displ |
thet Jerusalem was destroyed? Will ye say that the son
Zedekiah were not slain, all except it were Mulek? Ya
and do ye not behold that the seed of Zedekiah are with!
and they were driven out of the land of Jerusalem? Bat iy
hold, this is not all... Our father Lehi was driven out of Jane
salem, because he testified of these thiugs. Nephi also te
fied of these things, and also almost all of our fathers, evtt
down to this time; yea, they have testified of the coming
Christ, and have looked forward, and have rejoiced in bis
day which is to come. And hehold, he is Gpd, and bes
with them, and he did manifest himself unto. them, that they
were redeemed by him ; and they gave unto him glory, heeaus
of that which is to come, Ant now seeing ye know thet
things, and cannot deny them. except shell No, therelam
in this ye have sinned, for ye have: rejected ali t ese thangs

 
