shall he confess unto you, and deny no more that he hath dane
this murder. And then shall he say unto you, That 1, Nephi,
know nothing concerning the matter, save it were given unto
me by the power of God. And then shall ye know that [am |
an honest man, and that I am sent unto you from God,

‘And it came to pass that they went and did, even according
as Nephi had said unto them. And behold, the words which
he had said, were true: for according to the words, he did
deny; and also according to the words, he did confess. And
he was brought to prove that he himself was the very murder
er, insomuch that the five were set at liberty ; and also was
Nephi. And there were some of the Nephites which believed
on the words of Nephi; and there were some also, which he
lieved, because of tle testimony of the five, for they had been
converted while they were in prison. And now there were
some among the people, which said that Nephi was a prophet;
and there were others which said, Behold, he is a god, for ex
cepthe was a god, he could not know of all things. For be
hold, he hath told us the thoughts of our hearts, and also hath
told us things; and even he hath brought unto our knowledge
the true murderer of our Chie Judge.

‘And it care to pass that there arose a diviston among the

- people, insomuch that they divided hither and thither, and
went their ways, leaving Nephi alone, as he was standing in
the midst of them. And il cathe to pass that Nephi went his
way towards his own house, pondering upon the things which
the Lord had shewn unto him. And it came to pass as he
was thus pondering,—being much cast down because of the
wickedness of the people of the Nephites, their secret works
of darkness, and their murderings, and their plunderings, amt
all manner of iniquities—and it came to pass as he was thus
po his heart, behold, a voice came unto him, saying:
lessed art thon, Nephi, for those things which thou hast done:
for! have beheld how thou hast with unwearyingness declar®
the word which ] have given unto thee, unto this people. Ast
thou hast notfeared them, and hast not sought thine own life, wl
hath sought my will, and to keep my commandments. And pow
because thou hast done this with such unwearyingness, bebo
Twill bless thee forever; and I will make thee mighty in won
and in déed, in faith and in works; yea, even that all things shal
be done unto thee according to thy word, for thou shalt not
ask that which is cofitrary to my will) Behold, thou art Ne

 

 
