 

 

gan to slay one another with the sword. And thus ended the
seventy and first year of the reign of the Judges over the peo-
ple of Nephi.

Se,
CHAPTER Ty.

Anp now it caine to pass in the seventy and second year of
the reign of the Judges, that the contentions did increase, inso-
much that there were wars throughout all the land, among all
the people of Nephi. And it was this secret band of robbers
which did carry on this work of destruction and wickedness,
Ang this war did last all that year. And in the seventy and
third year it did also last.

And it came to pass that in this year, Nephi did cry unto
the Lord, saying: O Lord, do not suffer that this people shall
be destroyed by the sword; but O Lord, rather let there be
a famine m the land, to stir then: up in remembrance of te
Lord their God, and perhaps they will repent and turn unto
thee; and so it was done, according to the words of Nephi—
And there was a great faraine upon the land, among all th
people of Nephi. And thus, in the seventy and fourth yea,
the famine did continue, and the work of destruction did cease
by the sword, but became sore by famine. And this work of
destruction did also continue in the seventy and fifth year, For
ibe earth was smitten, that it was dry, and did not yield fort
grain in the season of grain, and the whole earth was smiltes,
even among the Lamanites as well.as among the Nephites, 9
that they were smitten that they did perish by thousands, it
the more wicked parts of the Jand.

And it came to pass that the people saw that they wer
about to perish by famine, and they began to remember the
Lord their God; and they began to remember the words ¢
Nephi. And the people began to plead with their Chief Judge
and their leaders, that they would say unto Nephi, Behold,
know that thou arta man of God, and therefore cry unte tt
Lord our God, that he turn away from us this famine, lest
the words which thou hast spoken concerning our destructios
be fulfilled. And itcame to pass that the Judges did say"

to Nephi, according to the words which had been desirel~
‘And it came to pass that when Nephi saw that the people tat

 
