repented, and did humble themselves in sackcloth, he cried
again unto the Lord, saying: O Lord, behold this people re-
penteth; and they have swept away the band of Gadianton
from amongst them, insomuch that they have become extinct,
and they bave concealed their secret plans inthe earth. Now,
0 Lord, because of this their humility, wilt thou turn away
thine anger, and let thine anger be appeased in the destruction
of those wicked men whom thou hast already destroyed? O
Lord, wilt thou turn away thine anger, yea, thy fierce anger,
and cause that this famine may cease in this land? O Lord,
wilt thou Learken unto me, and cause that it may be dome ac-
cording to my words, and send forth rain upon tbe face of the
earth, that she may bring forth her fruit and her grain, in the
season of grain? O Lord, thou didst hearken unto my words
when I said, Let there be a famine, that the pestilence of the
sword might cease; and I know that thou wilt, even at this
time, hearken unto my words; for thou saidst, That if this
people repent, .1 will spare them; yea, O Lord, and thou
seest (lat they have repented, because of the famine, and the
pestilence and destruction which has come unto them. And
now, O Lord, wilt thon turn away thine anger, and try again
if they will serve thee? And if so, O Lord, thou canst bless
them according to thy words which thou hast said.

And it came to pass that in the seventy and sixth year, the
Lord did turn away his anger from the people, and caused that
rain should fall upon the earth, insomuch that it did bring forth
her fruit in the season of her fruit. And it came to pass that

it did bring forth her grain, in the season of her grain. And
“behold, the people did rejoice, and glorify God ; and the whole
face of the land was filled with rejoicing; and they did no more
seek to destroy Nephi, but they did esteem him as a great
prophet, and a man of God, having great power and authority
tiven unto him from God. And behold, Lehi, his brother, was
not a whit bebind him as to things pertaining to righteousness.
And thus it did come to pass that the people of Nephi began —
_ to prosper again'in the land, and began to build up their waste
places, and began to multiply and spread, even until they did
- cover the whole face of the land, both on the northward and:
on the southward, from the sea west, to the sea east. And it
came to pass that the seventy and sixth year did end in peace.
And the seventy and seventh year began in peace; and the
church did spread throughout the face of all the land; and the
more part of the people, both the-Nephites and the Lamanites,

 
