 

peeause of the exceeding greatness of the numbers of those
robbers which infested the mountains and the wilderness.—
And it came to pass that thus ended this year. And the rob-
hers did still increase and wax strong, insomuch that they did
defy the whole arinics of the Nephites, and also of the Laman-
ites; and they did cause great fcar to come unto the people,
upon all the face of the land; yea, for they did visit many parts
of the land, and did do great destruction unto them; yea, did
kill many, and did carry away others captive into the wilder-
ness; yea, and more especially their women and their children.
Now this great evil, which came unto the people because of
their iniquity, did stir them up again in remembrance of the
Lord their God. And thus ended the cighty and first year of
the reign of the Judges. And in the cighty and second year,
ihey began again to forget the Lord their God. And in the
eighty and third year, they began to wax strong in iniquity.—
And in the eighty and fourth year, they did not mend their
ways. And if came to pass in the eighty and fifth year, they
did wax stronger and stronger in their pride, and in their

wickedness; and thus they were ripening again for destruc- .

tion. And thus ended the eighty and fifth year. And thus
we can behold how false, and’ also the unsteadiness of the
hearts of the children of men; yea, we can see that the Lord
in his great infinite goodness, doth bless and prosper those
who put their trust in him; yea, and we may see at the very
time when he doth prosper his people; yea, in the increase of

their fields, their flocks, and their herds, and in gold, and in |

silver, and in all manner of precious things of every kind and
art; sparing their lives, and delivering them out of the hands
of their enemies ; softening the hearts of their enemies, that
they should not declare wars against them; yea, and in fine,
doing all things for the welfare and bappmess of his people ;
yea, then is the time that they do harden their hearts, and do
forget the Lord their God, and do trample under their feet the
Holy One; yea, and this because of their ease, and their ex-
ceeding great prosperity.. And thus we see, that except the
Lord doth chasten his people with many afflictions, yea, ex-
cept he doth visit them with death, and with terror, and with
famine, and with all manner of pestilences, they will not re-
member him. © now foolish, and how vain, and how eyil,
and devilish, and how quick to do iniquity, and how slow to do
good, are the children of men; yea, how quick to hearken un-
to the words of the evil one, and to set their hearts upon the
