hall come upon the land, saith the Lord of Hosts, because of
fie people's suke which is upon the land ; yea, because of
fw wickedness and their abominations, M
And it shall come to pass, saith the Lord of Hosts, yea, our
¢ and true God, that whoso shall hide up treasures in the
ah, shail find them again no more, because of the great
arse of the land, save he be a rightcous man, and shall hide
iup unto the Lord: | For I will, saith the Lord, that. they
jal hide up their treasures. unto me; and- cursed be
ey who hideth not up their treasures unto me; for none
deh up their treasures unto me save it be the righteous ;
adhe that hideth not up his treasure unto ine, cursed is he,
ui also the treasure, and none shall redeem it because of the
aise of the Tand. And the day shall come that they shall
le up their treasures, because they have set their hearts up-
amches; ahd because they have set their hearts upon their
thes, | will hide up their treasures when they shall flee he-
“ether enemies, because they will not hide’ them up unto
aé; cursed be they, and also their treasures ; and in that day
they be smitien, saith the Lord. Behold ye, the people
lis great city, and hearken unio my words; yea, hearken
‘alo the words which the Lord saith; for behold, he saith
jaye are cursed because of your riches, and also are your
fdles cursed because ye have set your hearts upon them, and
‘ih not hearkened unto the words of him who gave them un-
‘you. Ye do not remember the Lord your Ged in the things
Yeh he hath blessed you, but ye do always remember your
rches, not to thank the Lord your God for them; yea, your
itis not drawn out unto the Lord, but they do swell with
at pride, unto boasting, and unto great swelling, envyings,
ts malicc, persecutions, and murders, and all manner of ,
inues: For this cause hath the Lord God eaused that 2
should come upon. the Jand, and also upon your riches ;
(thts because of your iniquities ; yea, wo unto this people,
ause of this time which has arrriven, that ye do cast out
® prophets, and do mock them, and cast. stones at them,
Uo slay them, and do do all manner of iniquity unto them,
"04s they did of old time. And now when. ye talk, ye say,
ardays had been in the. days of our fathers of old, ye would
‘Uave slain the prophets; ye would not have stoned them, |.
4st them out. Behold ye are worse than they; for as
‘Lord liveth, if a prophet come among you, and declareth
you the word of the Lord, which testifieth of your sins

 

   
  
   
 
 
 
  
 
   
  
 
 
   
   
 
   
 
