robbers to lay siege sufficiently long to have any effect upp
the Nephites, because of their much provision which they hig
laid up in store because of the scantiness of provisions among
the robbers ; for behold they had nothing save it were nie
for theix subsistence, which meat they did obtain in the yi
derness. And it came to pass that the wild game becay
scarce in the wilderness, insomuch that the robbers were abo
to perish with hunger. And the Nephites were continusly
marching out by day and by night, and falling upon theirg.
mies, and cutting them off by thousands and by tens of thy
sands. And thus it became the desire of the people of Za
naribah, to withdraw from their design, because of the mes
destruction which come upon them by night and by day.
And it came to pass that Zemnarihah did give comma
unto his people, that they should withdraw themsclves five
the siege, and march into the farthermost parts. of the lanl
northward. And now Gidgiddoni, being aware of their &
sign, and knowing of their weakness because of the want
* food, and the great slaughter which had becn made amoy
them, therefore he did send out his armies in the night-lim
and did cut off the way of their retreat, and did place hist
mics in the way of their retreat; and this did (hey doin i}
night-time, and got on their march beyond the robbers, 9
that on the morrow, when the robbers began their mareb, thf
were met by the armies of the Nephites, both in their fut
and in their rear. And the robbers which were on the soh}
were also cut off in their places of retreat. And all thee
things were done by command of Gidgiddoni. “ And thet
were many thousands which did yield themselves up pst
ers unto the Nephites ; and the remainder of them were sla
and their leader, Zemnarihah, was taken, and hanged upol!
tree, yea, even upon the top thereof, until he was dead. |
when they had hanged him until he was dead, they did fd
the tree to the earth, and did cry with a loud voice, say
May the Lord preserve his people in righteousness and in
liness of heart, that they may cause to be fell to the earthal
who shall seek to slay them because of power and secret (0
binations, even as this man hath been fell to the earth, MM
they did rejoice and cry again with one voice, saying, Mi
the God of Abrabam, and the God of Isaac, and the Gal?
Jacob, protect this people in righteonsness, so long a8
shall call on the name of their God for protection. 4
came to pass that they did break forth, all as one, in |

—

 
