even so shall the covenant wherewith he hath covenanted
with the house of Jacob, be fulfilled in his own due time, unto
the restoring all the house of Jacob unto the knowledge of the
covenant that he hath covenanted with them; and then shall
they know their Redeemer, which is Jesus Christ, the Son of
God; and then shall they be gathered in from the four quar-
ters of the carth, unto their own lands, from whence they have
been dispersed ; yea, as the Lord liveth, so shall it be. Amen.

CHAPTER III.

Axb now it came fo pass-that the people of tae Nephites
aid all return to their own lands, in the twenty and sixth year,
every man, with his family, his flocks and his herds, his horses
and his cattle, and all things whatsoever did belong unto them:
And it came to pass that they had not eaten up all their pro-
tisions; therefore they did take with them all that they had
not devoured, of all their grain of every kind, and their gold,
ad their silver, and all their precious things, and they did re-
fam to their own lands and their possessions, both on the
north and on the south, both on the land northward and on the
land southward, And they granted unto those robbers which
tad entered into a covenant. to keep the peace, of the band
which were desirous to remain Lamanites, lands, according to
iit numbers, that they might have, with their labors, where-
with to subsist upon; and, thus they did establish peace in all
the land. And they began again to prosper and (o wax great;
id the twenty and sixth and seventh years passed away, and
here was great order in the land; and they had forned their
} laxs according to equity and justice. And now there was
lothing in all the land, to hinder the people from prospering
continually, except they should fal] into transgression. And 4
how it was Gidgiddom, and the Judge Lachoneus, and those |
which had been appointed leaders, which had established this
gteat peace in the land. ay
_ And it came to pass that there were many cities built anew,
and there were man 'y old cities repaired ; and there were man iy
highways cast up, and many-roads made, which led from city
| eity, and from land to Jand; and.from place to place. And

‘bus passed avway the twenty and eighth year, and the people
| lad continual peace. But it came to he twenty and

  
   
 
 

 

 
