am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end. And y
shall offer up upto me no more the shedding of blood; ye,
your sacrifices and your burt offerings shall be done amy,
for I will accept none of your sacrifices and your barnt otf.
ings; and ye shall offer for a sacrifice unto me a broken hea
and a contrite spirit. And whoso cometh unto me withs
broken heart and a contrite spirit, him will I baptize with tr
and with the Holy Ghost, even as the Lamanites, because d
their faith in me, at the time of their conversion, were bapik
zea with fire and with the Holy Ghost, and they knew it nol
Behold, 1 have come unto the world to bring redemption uy
the world, to save the world from sin; therefore whoso r
penteth and cometh unto me as a Jittle child, him willl e
ceive; for of such is ihe kingdom of God. Behold, for sud
Thave laid down my life, and have taken it up again ; therelor
repent, and come unto me ye ends of the earth, and be saved
* And now behold it came to pass that all the people of thelal
did hear these sayings, and did witness of if. And after thee
Sayings there was silence in the land for the space: of many
hours ; for so great was the astonishment of the people thi
they did cease lamenting and howling for the loss of their kit
dred which had been slain; therefore there was silence il
all the land for the space of many hours.

And it came to pass that there came a voice again unto tit
people, and all the people did hear, and did witness of it, say |
ing: Oye people of these great cities which have fale,
which are a descendant of Jacob ; yea, which are of the how
of Isracl; O ye people of the house of Israel, how oft have!
gathered you as ahen gathereth her chickens under ber wins,
and have nourished you. And again, how oft would I hae
gatheved you, as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wing}

yea, O ye people of the house of Israel, which have fallet
yea, O ye people of the house of Israel ; ye that dwell atde
rusalem, as ye that have fallen; yea, how oft would f hae
gathered you as a hen gathereth her chickens, and ye woll
not. O ye house of Israel, whom I have spared, how oft wil
I gather you as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wits
if ye will repent and return anto me with full purpose of heat
But if not, O house of Israel, the places of your dwellii#
shall become desolate, until the time of the fulfilling of |
covenant to your fathers.

And now it came to pass that after the people bad hear!
these words, behold they began to weep and howl again, |

 
