je came down and stood in the midst of them, and the eyes of
ge whole multitude was turned upon him, and they durst not

n their mouths, even one to another, and wist not what it
peat: for they thought it was an angel that had appeared
unto them.

And if came to pass that he stretched forth his hand, and
sake unto the people, saying: Behold 1am Jesus Christ, of
ghich the prophets testified that should come into the world;
ind behold J am the light and the life of the world, and I have
tank out of that bittercup which the Father. hath given me,
athave glorified the Father in taking upon me the sins of
he world, in the which J have suffered the will of the Father
in all things, from the beginning,

And itcame to pass that when Jesus had spake these
nords, the whole multitude fell to thé earth, for they remem-
tered that it had been prophesied among them that Christ
should shew himself unto them afier his ascension into
Heaven.

And it came to pass that the Lord spake unto them saying: -
Arise and come forth unto me, that ye may thrust your hands
info my side, and also that ye may feel ihe prints of the nails
inmy hands, and in my feet, that ye may know that I am the
God of Israel, and the God of the whole earth, and have been
sain for the sins of the world. f
And it came to pass that the multitude went forth, and
ust their hands into his side, and did fee] the prints of the
mils iu his hands end in his fcet; and this they did do, going
forth one by one, until they had all gone forth, and did see
with their eyes, and did feel with their hands, and did know of
asurety, and did bear record, that it was he, of whom it was
Mitten by the prophets that should come.
_ And it came to pass that when they had al! gone forth, and
‘ad witnessed for themselves, they did ery out with one ac-
ord,saying: Hosanna! Blessed be the name of the Most
God! And they did fall down at the feet of Jesus, and
worship him.

And it came to pass that he spake unto Nephi, (for'Nephi

among the multitude,) and he commanded him that he

 

  
  
    

ed himself before the Lord, and be did kiss his feet—
id the Lord commanded him that he should arise. And he
cand stood beford him. And the Lord said unto him, 1
> unto you power that ye shall baptize this people, when t

 

ould come forth, And Nephi arose and went forth, and
