 

1

that darkness! No man can serve two masters: for either he
will hate the one, and love the other: or else he will hold to
the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and
mammon,

CHAPTER VL

AND now it came to pass that when Jesus had spoken these
words, he looked upon the twelve whom he had chosen, and
saith unto them, Remember the words which I have spoken,
For behold, ye are they which I have chosen to minister unto
this people. Therefore 1 say unto you, Take no thought for
your life, what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink; nor yet
for your body, what ye shall put on. Is not the life more than
meat, and the body than raiment? Behold the fowls of the
air: tor they sow not, neither do they reap, nor gather into
buns; yet your heavenly Father feedeth them: Are ye not
much better than they? “ Which of you by taking thought can
add one cubit unto his stature? And why take ye thought for
raiment ? Consider the lilies of the ficld how they grow; they
toil not, neither do they spin ; and yet I say unto you, That
even Solomon, in all his glory, was not arrayed like one of
these, Wherefore, if God so clothe the grass of the field,
which to-day is, and to-morrow is cast into the oven, even so
will he clothe you, if ye are not of little faith. Therefore take
No thought, saying, What shall we eat? or, what shall we
drink ? or, wherewithal shall we be clothed ? For your heay-
nly Pather knoweth that ye have need of all these things, —
Bat seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness,
and all these things shall be added unto you. Take therefore
no thought for the morrow: forthe morrow shall take thought
for the things of itself. Suflicient is the day unto the evil
thereof, J
And now it came to pass that when Jesus had spoken tl ae
Words, he turned again to the multitade, and did open his
tiouth unto them again, saying, Verily, verily, T say unto you,
tidge-not, that ye be not judged. For with what judgement
Ye judze, ye shall be judged: and with what measure ye mete,
itshall be measured to you again. And why beholdest thou
the mote that is in thy brother’s eye, but considerest not the

that is in thine own eye?. Or how wilt thou say to thy

“

a
