 

these sayings of mine, and doeth them not, shall be likened
unto a foolish man, which built his house upon the sand: and
the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew,
and beat upon that house; and it fell: and great was the fall
of it, :

=
CHAPTER VII.

Axp now it came to pass that when Jesus had ended these
sayings, he cast his eyes round about on the multitude, and
saith unto them, Behold, ye have heard the things which I
have taught before I ascended to my Father; therefore whose
remembereth these sayings of mine, and doeth them, him will
Traise up at the last day. And it came to pass that when Je-
sus had said these words, he perceived that there were some
among them which maryelled, and wondered wat he would
concerning the law of Moses: for they understood not the
saying, That old things had passed away, and that all things
had become new. And he saith unto them, Marvel not that
Isaid unto you, that old things had passed away, and that all
things had become new. Behold I say unfo you, That the law
is fulfilted that was given unto Moses. Behold, lam he that
gave the law, and Tam he which covenanted with my people
israel ; therefore, the law in me is fulfilled: for I have come
to fulfil the law; thereforc, it hath an end. Behold, I do not
destroy the prophets: for as many as have not been fulfilled
in me, verily, I say unto you, shall all be fulfilled. And be-
eause I said unto you, That old things hath passed away, I do
not destroy that which hath been spoken concerning things
which is to come. For behold, the covenant which I have
made with my people, is not all fulfilled; but the law which
Was given unto Moses, hath an end in me. Behold, I am the
law, and the light: Look unto me, and endure to the end, and
ye shall live: for unto him that endureth to the end, will I
give eternal life. Behold, I have given unto you the com-—
mandments; therefore kecp my commandments. And this is
the law and the prophets: for they truly testified of me. :

And now it came to pass that when Jesus had spoken these
Words, he said’ unto those twelye whom he had chosen, Ye are

_8y disciples ; and ye are a light unto this people, which are a
remnant of the house of Joseph. And behold, this is the land
