filled our souls at the time we heard him pray for us unto the}
Father.

And it came to pass that when Jesus had made an end of
praying unto the Father, he arose; but so great was the joy
of the multitude, that they were overcome. - And if came tp
pass that Jesus spake anto them, and bade them arise. Ang
they arose from. the earth, and he saith unto them, Blessed
are ye hecause of your faith. And now behold, my joy is full
And when he had said these words, he wept, and the mult
tude bear record of it, and he took their little children, one by
one, and blessed them, and prayed unto-the Father for them,
And when he had done this he wept again, and he spake unio
tke multitude, and saith unto them, Behold your little ones
And as they looked to behold, they cast their eyes towarls
Heaven, and they saw the Heavens open, and they saw angels
descending out of Heaven as it were, in the midst of fire; and
they came down and encircled those little ones about; ant
they were encircled about with fire; and the angels did m
nister unto them, and the multitude did see and hear, ail
bear record; and they know that their record is true, fe
they all of them did see and hear, every man for himsdl;
and they were in number about two thousand and five hut
dred souls; and they did consist of men, women and ehi-
dren. \

And it came to pass that Jesus commanded his disciple
that they should bring forth some bread and wine unto him
And while they were gone for bread and wine, he commsnt:
ed the multitude that they should sit themselves down wm
the earth. And when the disciples had. come with bread ml
wine, he took of the bread, and berak, and blessed it; and ht
gave unto the disciples, and commanded that they should eal
And when they had eat, and were filled, he commanded tl
they should give unto the multitude. And when the multitule
had eaten and were filled, he saith unto the disciples, Bell
there shall one be ordained among you, and to hun will I give
power that he shall-break bread, and bless if, and give it umle
the people of my church, anto all they which shall belev
and be baptized in my name. And this shail ye always ®
serve to do, even as ¥ have done, evenas I have brolen bret?
and blessed it, and gave it unto you. And this shall ye dow
remembrance of my body, which } have shewn unto your
And it shall be a’téestimony unto the Father, that ye do a

 
