ways remember me. And if ye do always remember me, ye
shall have ay spirit to be with you.

And it came to pass that when he had said these words, he
commanded his disciples that they should take of the wine of
the cup, and drink of it, and that they should also give unto
the multitude, that they might drink of it. And it came to
pass that they did so, and did drink of it, and were filled ;
aud they gave unto the multitude, and they did drink, and they
were filled, And when the disciples had done this, Jesus saith
unto them, Blessed are ye for this thing which ye have done,
for this is fulfilling my commandments, and this doth witness
unto the Father that ye are willing to do that which I have
commanded you, And this shali ye always do unto those
who repent dnd are baptized in my name; and ye shall do it
in remembrance of my blood, which I have shed for you, that
ye mey wilness unto the Father that ye do always reaember
ne. And if ye do always remember me, ye shall have my
spirit fo be with you. And I give unto you a commandment
that ye shall do thess things. And if ye shall alwaysdo these
things, blessed are ye, for ye are built upon my rock. But
whoso among you shall do more or less than these, are not
built upon my rock, but are built upon a sandy foundation ;
aid when the rain descends, and the floods come, and the
winds blow, and beat upon them, they shall fall, and the gates
a hellis already open to receive them; therefore blessed are
weif ye shall keep my commandments, which the Father hath
commanded me that I should give unto you. Verily, verily 1
sy unto you, ye must watch and pray always, lestye be tempt
éd by the devil, and ye are led away captive by him, And
a Ihave prayed among you, even so shall ye pray in my
church, among my people which do repent and are baptized
a name. Behold Iam the light; Ihave set an example

r you.

And it came to pass that when Jesus had spake these words
into his disciples, he turned again unto the nimiltitnde, and
sith unto them, Behold, verily, verily I say unto you, ye must
Watch and pray always, lest ye enter into temptation 5 for sa-
fan desireth to have you, that he may sift you as wheat; there-
fore ye must always. pray unto the Father in my names ahd
Whatsoever ye shail ask the Father in my name, which is
tight, believing that ye shall receive, and behold it shall. be
sven unto you. Pray in yourfamilics unto the Father, always
| my name, that‘your wives and your children may be bless-

:

 
