unto the scattering of my people, O house of Israel; and they
shall be a scourge unto the people of thisland. Nevertheless,
when they shall have received the fulness of my Gospel, then
if they shall harden their hearts against me, J will return theip
iniquities upon their own heads, saith the Father. And I wil
remember the covenant which | have made with my people: |
and Ihave covenanted with them, that i would gather them
together in mine own duc time; that { would give unto them
again the land of their fathers, for their inheritance, which is
the land of Jerusalem, which is the promised land unto then
forever, saith the Father.
And it shall come to pass that the time cometh, when tle
fulness of my gospel shall be preached unto them, and they
shall believe in me, that 1 am Jesus Christ, the Son of God,
and shall pray unto the Father in my name. ‘Then shall ther
watchmen lift up their voice; and with the voice together shall
they sing: for they shall see eye to cye- Then will the Pr
ther gather them together again, and give unto them Jerus
Jem for the land of their inheritance. Then shall they break
forth into joy—sing together, ye waste places of Jerusalem:
for the Father hath comforted his people, he hath redeemed
Jerusalem. The Father hath made bare his holy arm in the
eyes of all the nations: and all the ends of the earth shall se
the salvation of the Father; and the Father and I are one
And then shall be brought to pass that which is writen: Awake,
awake again, and put on thy strength, O Zion; put on thy
beautiful garments, O Jerusalem, the holy city: for henceforlh
there shall no more come into thee the uncircumcised and tht
unclean. Shake thyself from the dust; arise, sit down, 0
Jerusalem: loose thyself from the bands of thy neck, O cap
tiye daughter of Zion. For thus saith the Lord, Ye have sald
yourselves for nought; and ye shall be redcemed withott
money, Verily, verily, I say unto you, That my people shill
know my name; yea, in that day they shall know thal Lan
he that doth speak, And then shall they say, How beautitil
upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringeth good th
dings unto them, that publisheth peace ; that bringeth good
dings unto them of good, that publisheth salvation; that sal!
unio Zion, Thy God reigneth! And then shall a cry g0 forll,
Depart ye, depart ye, go ye out from thence, touch not that
which is unclean; go ye out of the midst of hers be ye cleat,
that bear the vessels of the Lord. For ye shall not £0 aut
with haste, nor go by flight: for the Lord will go before you:

 
