upon the works of men, or upon the works of the Devil, veyi.
ly Isay unto you, they have joy in their works for a Seasot,
and by and by the end cometh, and they are hewn down and
cast into the fire, from whence there is no return; for their
works do follow them: for it is because of their works that
they are hewn down; therefore remember the things that |
have told you. Behold } have given unto you my Gospel, and
this is the Gospel which | have given unto you: That I came
into the world to do the will of my Father, because may Father
sent me; and my I’ather sent me thatI might be lifted upupm
the cross ; and after that I had been lifted up upon the cross,
might draw all men unto me; that as | have been lifted up by
men, even so should men be lifted up by the Father, to stand
before me, to be judged of their works, whether they be goo!
or whether they be evil; and for this cause have I been lified
up; therefore, according to the power of the Father, I wil
draw all men unto me, that they may be judged according to
their works. And it skall come to pass, that whoso repenteth |
and is baptized in my name, shall be filled; and if he enti.
reth to the end, behold, him will 1 hold guiltless before ny |
Father, at that day when I shall stand to judge the world. And
he that endureth not unto the end, the same is he that is ako
hewn down and cast into the fire, from whence they can 0
more return, because of the justice of the Father ; and thisis
the word which he hath given unto the children of men. And
for this cause he fulfilleth the words which he hath given, and
he lieth not, but fulfilleth all his words; and no unclean thitg
can enter into his kingdom; therefore nothing entereth into
his rest, save it be those who have washed their garments it
my blood, because of their faith, and the repentance of all ther
sins, and their faithfulness unto the end. Now this is thecom-
mandment: Repent, all ye ends of the earth, and come uml
me and be baptized in my name, that ye may be sanctified br
the reception of the Holy Ghost, that ye may stand spotles
before me at the last day. Verily, verily I say unto you, this
is my Gospel; and ye know the things that ye must do in mf
church ; for the works which ye have seen me do, that shal
ye also do; for that which ye have scen medo, even that stall
ye do; therefore if ye do these things, blessed are ye, fors®
shall be lifted up at the last day.

 
