Amos kept it in his stead; and he kept it upon the plates of
Nephi also; and he kept it eighty and four years, and there
was still peace in the land, save it were a small part of the
people, which had revolted from the church, and took upon
them the name of Lamanites; therefore there began to be La.
manites again in the land.

‘And it eame to pass that Amos died also, (and it was an

hundred and ninety and four years from the coming of Christ)
and his son Amos kept the record in his stead; and he also
kept it upon the plates of Nephi; and it was also written in
the book of Nephi, which is this book. “And it came to pass
that two hundred years had passed away: And the seconi
generation had all passed away save it were a few. And now
i, Mormon, would that ye should know that the people had
multiplied, insomuch that they were spread upon all the face
of the land, apd that they had become exceeding rich, because
of their prosperity in Christ, And'now in this two hundred
and first year, there began to be among them those whieh
were lifted up in pride, such as the wearing of costly apparel,
and all manner of fine pearls, and of the fine things of the
world. And from that time forth they did have their goods
and their substance no more common among them, and they
began to be divided into classes, and they began to build up
churches unto themselves, to get gain, and began to deny the
true church of Christ.

And it came to pass that when two hundred and ten yeas
had passed away there were many churches in the land; yea
there were churches which professed to know the Christ, and
yet they did deny the more parts of his gospel, insomuch thai
they did receive all manner of wickedness, and did administer
that which was sacred unto him to whom it had been forbid:
den, because of unworthiness. And this church did multiply
execedingly, because of iniquity, and because of the power 0
satan which did get hold upon their hearts. And again, there
was another church, which denied the Christ; and they did
persecute the true church of Christ, because of their humility,
and their beliefin Christ ; and they did despise them, beeaus
of the many miracles which were wrought among them 3 there-
fore they did exercise power and authority over the disciples
of Jesus which did tarry with them, and they did cast them
into prison; but by the power of the word of God, which #2
jn them, the prisons were rent in twain, and they went for!
doing mighty miracles among them. Neveriheless, and not

 
