go to the Jand of Antum, unto a hill, which shall be called
Shim; and there have I deposited unto the Lord, all the
sacred engravings concerning this people. And behold, ye
shal] take the plates of Nephi unto yourself, and the re-
mainder shall ye leave in the place where they are ; and ye
shall engrave upon the plates of Nephi, all the things that ye
haye observed concerning this people. And 1, Mormon, be-
ing a descendant of Nephi, (and my father’s name was Mor-
mon,) 1 remembered the things which Ammaron commanded
me. And it came to pass that I, being cleven years old, was
carried by my father into the land southward, even to the land
of Zarahemla: the whole face of the land having become cov-
ered with buildings, and the people were as numerous almost,
as it were the sand of the sea, And it came to pass in this
year, there began to be a war between the Nephites, which
consisted of the Nephites, and the Jacobites, and the Joseph-
ites, and the Zoramites: and this war was between the Ne-
phites, and the Lamanites, and the Lemuelites, and the Ish-
iaelites. Now the Lamanites, and the Lemuelites, and the
Ichmaelites, were called Lamanites, and the two parties. were
Nephites and Lamanites. And it came to pass that the war
began to be among them, in the borders of Zarahemla, by the
waters of Sidon. And it came to pass that the Nephites had
gathered together a great number of'men, even to exceed the
number of thirty thousand. And it came to pass that they did
haye in this same year a number of battles, in the which the
Nephites did beat the Lamanites, and did slay many of them.
And it came to pass that the Lamanites withdrew their design,
and there was peace settled in the land, and peace did remain
for the space of about four years, that there were no blood
shed. But wickedness did prevail upon the face of the whole
land, insomuch that the Lord did take away his beloved dis-
tiples, and the work of miracles and of healing did cease, _
because of’ the iniquity of the people. And there were no
gifis from the Lord, and the Holy Ghost did not come upon
any, because“6f their wickedness and unbelief. And I, being
fifteen years of age, and being somewhat of a sober mind,
therfore I was visited of the Lord, and tasted, and knew of
the goddness of Jesus. And 1 did endeavor to preach unto
this people, but my mouth was shut, and I were forbidden that
Tshould preach unto them: for behold they had wilfully re-
belled against their God, and the beloved disciples were taken
away out of the land, because of their iniquity. But I did
