 

four thousand. And behold, I withstood him, with forty and
two thousand. And it came to pass that 1 beat him with my
army, that he fled before me. And behold, all this was done,
and three hundred and thirty years had passed away. And
it came to pass that the Nephites began to repent of their imi-
quity, and began to cry even as had been prophesied by Sam-
uel the prophet; for behold no man could keep that which
was his own, for the thieves, and the robbers, and the rum-
derers, and the magic art, and the witchcraft which was in the
Jend. Thus there began to he a mourning and a lamentation
in all the land, because of these things; and more especially
among the people of Nephi, And it came io pass that when
1, Mormon, saw their lamentation, and their mourning, and
their sorrowing before the Lord, my heart did begin to rejoice
within me ; knowing the mercies and the long suffering of the
Lord, therefore supposing that he would be merciful unto
them, that they would again become a righteous people. But
behold this my joy was vain, for their sorrowing was not unto
repentance, because of the goodness of God, but it was rather
the sorrowimg of the damned, because the Lord would not al-
ways suffer them 1o take happiness in sin. And they did not
come unto Jesus with broken hearts and contrite spirits, but
they did curse God, and wish to dic. ~Nevertheless they
would struggle with the sword for their lives. And it came to
pass that my sorrow did return unto me again, and I saw that
the day of grace was past with thom, both temporally and
spiritually : for 1 saw thousands of them hewn dowh in open
rebellion against their God, and heaped up as dung upon the
face of the Jand. And thus three hundred and forty and four
years had passed away.

And it came to pass that in the three hundred and forty and
fifth year, the Nephites did begin to flee before the Lamanites,
and they were pursued until they came even to the land of
Jashon, before it were. possible to stop them in their retreat.
And now the city of Jashon was near the land where Amma-
ton had deposited the records unto the Lord, that they might
not be destroyed. And behold I had gone according to the
word of Ammaron, and taken the plates of Nephi, and did
take a record according to the words of Ammaron. And
upon the plates of Nephi I did make a full account of all the
Wickedness and abominations ; but upon these plates 1 did
forbear to make a full account of their wickedness and abom-
Mations : for behold, a continual scene of wickedness and
