forward against the city Teancum, and did drive the inhabit.
ants forth out of ner, and did take many prisoners of women
and of children, and did offer them up as sacrifices unto their
idol gods. And it came to pass that in the three hundred and
sixty and seventh.year, the Nephites being angry because the
Lamanites had sacrificed their women and their children, that
they did go against the Lamanites with exceeding great anger
insomuch that they did beat again the Lamanites, and drive
them out of their lands; and the Lamanites did not come again
against the Nephites, until the three hundred and seventy an)
fifth year. And in this year they did come down against the
Nephites with all their powers ; and they were not numbered,
because of the greatness of their number. And from this fime
forth did the Nephites gain no power over the Lamanites, but
began to be swept off by them even as a dew before the sun,
And it came to pass that the Lamanites did come down agains!
the city Desolation; and there was an exceeding sore battle
fought in the land Desolation, in the which they did beat the
Nephites. And they fled again from before them, and they
caine to the city Beaz; and there they did stand against the
Lamanites with exceeding boldness, insomuch that the Lamar
ites did not beat them until they had come again the second
time. And whenthcy had come the second time, the Nephites
were driven and slaughtered with an excceding great slaugl
ter; their women and their children were again sacrificed unto
idols. And it came to pass that the Nephites did again fe
from before them, taking all the inhabitants with them, bothin
towns and villages. And now I, Mormon, seeing that the Le
manites were about to overthrow the land, thercfore [did go
to the hill Shim, and did take up all the records which Amm
ron had hid up unto the Lord, ;
And it came to pass that I did go forth among the Nephites
and did repent of the eath which I had made, That I would no
more assist them; and they gave me command again of thet
armies: for they looked upon me as though £ could delivet
them from their afllictions. But behold, 1 was without hopes
for I knew the judgements of the Lord which should come
upon them: for they repented not of their iniquities, but did
strugzle for their lives, without calling upon that Being whe
had created them, And it came to: pass that the Lamanites
did come against us as we had! fled to the: city of Jordan; but
behold, they were driven back that they did not take the cil
at that time, And it came to pass: that they came against U
