people, did behold on the morrow, when the Lamanites bad
returned unto their camps, from the top of the hill Camaorah,
the ten thousand of my people which were hewn down, being
led in the front by me; and we also beheld ‘the ten thousand
of my people which were led by my son Moroni. And behold,
the ten thousand of Gidgiddonah bad fallen, and he also in the
midst; and Lamah had fallen with his ten thousand; and Gj.
gal had fallen with his ten thousand; and Limhah bad fallen

- with his ten thousand; and Joneam had fallen with his ten
thousand; and Camenihah, and Moronihah, and Antionum,
and Shiblom, and Shem, and Josh, had fallen with their ta
thousand cach.

And it came to pass that there were ten more which did fal
by the sword, with their ten thousand each ; yea, even all ny
people, save it were those twenty and four which were with
me, and also a few which had escaped into the south enun-
tries, and a few which had dissented over unto the Laman
ites, had fallen, and their flesh, and bones, and blood lay upon
the face of the earth, being left by the hands of those qwho
slew them, to moulder upou the land, and to crumble and to
return fo their mother earth. And my soul was rent with a
guish, because of the slain of my people: And I cried, O ye
fair ones, how could ye have departed from the ways of the
Lord! O ye fair ones, how could yo have rejected that Jesus,
who stood with open arms to receive you! Behold, if ye had
not done this, ye would not haye fallen. But behold, ye ar
fallen, and I mourn your loss. O ye fair sons and daughters,
ye fathers and mothers, ye husbands and wives, ye fair ones,

ow is it that ye could have fallen! But behold, Ye are gone,
and my sorrows cannot bring your return ; and the day soon
cometh that your mortal must put on immortality, and these
hodies which are now mouldering in corruption, must soon be-
come incorruptible bodies; and then ye must stand before the
judgement seat of Christ, to be judged according to your works!
.and if it'so be that ye'are righteous, then are ye blessed with
your fathers which have gone before you. © that ye had re
pented before that this great destruction had come upon you.
But behold, ye are gone, and the, Father, yea, the eternal Fx
ther of heaven, knoweth your state ; and he doeth with you
according to his justice and mercy.

And now behold, I would speak somewhat unto the resi-
nant of this people which are spared, if it so be that God may
give unto them my words, that they may know of the things o!
