bring these things forth. And no onc need not say, They shall
not come, for they surely shall, for the Lord hath spoken it:
for out of the earth shall they come, by the hand of the Lord,
and none can stay it; and it shall come in a day when it shall
be said that miracles are done away ; and it shall come even
as if one should speak from the dead. And it shall come in
a day when the blood of saints shall cry unto the Lord, be
cause of secret combinations and the works of darkness ; yea,
it shall come in a day when the power of God shall be denied,
and churches become defiled, and shall be lified up in the
pride of their hearts; yea, even in a day when leaders of
churches, and teachers, in the pride of their hearts, even to
the enyying of them who belong to their churches; yea, it
shall come in a day when there shall be heard of fires, and
tempests, and vapors of smoke in foreign ‘lands ; and there
shall also be heard of wars, and rumors of wars, and earth
quakes in diverse places; yea, it shall come in a day when
there shall be great pollutions upon the face of the earth:
there shall be murders, and robbing, and lying, and deceivings,
and whoredoms, and all manner of abominations ; when there
& shall be many which will say, Do this, or do that, and it mat
tereth not, for the Lord will uphold such at the last day. | But
wo unto such, for they are in the gall of bitterness, and in the
bonds of iniquity. Yea, it shall come ina day when there
hall be churches built up that shall say, Come unto me, and
for your money you shall be .forgiven of your sins. © ye
_ Wicked, and perverse, and stiffnecked people, why have ye
built up churches unto yourselves to get gain? Why have ye
transfigured the holy word of God, that ye might bring dam
nation upon your souls? Behold, look ye unto the revelations
of God. For behold, the time cometh at’ that day when all
these things must be fulfilled. Behold, the Lord hath shewn
unto me great and marvellous things concerning that which
must shortly come at that day when these things shall come
forth among you. Behold, J speak unto you as if ye were
present, and yet ye are not. But behold, Jesus Chnist hath
shewn you unto me, and I know your doing; and ] know
that ye do walk in the pride of your hearts; and there ave
none, save a few only, which do not lift themselves up 0 the
pride of their hearts, unto the wearing of very fine apparel,
unto envying, and strifes, and malice, and persecutions, alt
all manner of iniquities; and your churches, yea, even every
one, have become polluted because of the pride of your hearts.
