For behold, ye do love money, and your substances, and your
fine apparel, and the adorning of your churches, more than ye
love the poor and the needy, the sick and the afflicted, O ye
pollutions, ye hypocrites, ye teachers, which sell yourselves
for that which will canker, why have ye polluted the holy
church of God? Why are ye ashamed to take upon you the
name of Christ? Why do ye not think that greater is the val-
ue of an endless happiness, than that misery which never dies,
because of the praise of the world? Why do ye adorn your-
selves with that which hath no life, and yet suiler the hungry,
and the needy, and the naked, and the sick, and the afflicted
to pass by you, and notice them not? Yea, why do ye build
up your secret abominations to get gain, and cause that wid-
ows should mourn before the Lord, and also orphans to mourn
before the Lord; and also the blood of their fathers and their
husbands to cry unto the Lord from the ground, for vengeance
upon your heads? Behold, the sword of vengeance hangeth
over you; and the time soon cometh that he avengeth the
blood of the saints upon you, for he will not suffer their cries
anylonger. And now, I speak also concerning those who do
not believe in Christ. Behold, will ye believe in the day of —
your visitation, behold, when the Lord shall come; yea, even
that great day when the earth shall be rolled together as a 9
scroll, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat ;- yea, in
that great day when ye shall be brought to stand before the
Lamb of God, then will ye say that there is no God? Then
will ye longer deny the Christ, or can ye behold the Lamb
of God? Do ye suppose that ye shall dwell with him under
a consciousness of your guilt? Do ye suppose that ye could
be happy to dwell with that holy Being, when your souls are
tacked with a consciousness of your guilt that ye have ever
abused his laws? Behold I say unto you, that ye would be
more miserable to dwell with a holy and just God, under a
consciousness of your filthiness before him, than ye would to
dwell with the damned souls in hell? For behold, when ye
shall be brought to see. your nakedness before God, and also
the glory of God, and the holiness of Jesus Christ, it will kin-
die a flame of unquenchable fire upon you: O then ye unbe-
lieving, turn ye unto the Lord; ery mightily unto the Father
m the name of Jesus, that perhaps ye may be found spotless,
pure, fair, and white, having been cleansed by the blood of the
Lamb, at that great and last day. And again I speak unto
you, who deny the revelations of God, and say that they are
