there was many mighty miracles wrought by the hands of the
apostles. And if there was miracles wrought, then why bas
Gor ceased to be a God of miracles, and yet be an unchangea-
ble being. And behold I say unto you, He changeth not: if
so, he would cease to be God; and he ceaseth not to be God,
andis a God of miracles. And the reason why he ceaseth to
do miracles among the children of men, is because that they
dwindle in unbelief, and depart from the right way, and know
not the God in whom they should trusi. Behold I say unto
you, That whoso believeth in Christ, doubting nothing, what-
soever he shall ask the Father in the name of Christ, it shall
be granted them: and this promise is unto all, even unto the
ends of the earth. For behold, thus saith Jesus Christ, the
Son of God, unto his disciples which should tarry; yea, and
also to all his disciples, in the hearing of the multitude, Go ye
into ali the world, and preach the Gospel to every creature ;
and he that believeth and is baptized, shall be:saved, but he
that believeth not, shall be damned. And these signs shall
follow them that believe: In my name shall they cast out Dev-
ils; they shall speak with new tongues; they shall take up
serpents ; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt
them; they shall lay bands on the sick, and they shall reco~
yer; and whosoever shall believe in my name, doubting noth-
ing, unto him will I confirm all my words, even unto the ends
of the earth, And now behold, who. can stand against the
works of the Lord? Who can deny his sayings?. Who will
tise up against the almighty power of the Lord % Who will
despise the works of the Lord? Who will despise the children
of Christ? Behold, all ye that are despisers of the works of
the Lord, for ye shall wonder and perish. O then. despise
not, and wonder not, but hearken unto the words of the Lord,
and ask the Father inthe name of Jesus for what things soever
ye shall stand in need. Doubt not, but be believing, and be-
gin as in times of old, and come unto the Lord with all your
heart, and work out your own salvation with fear and trem-
bling before him. Be wise in the days of your probation;
tip yourselves of all uncleanness ; ask not, that ye may con-
me it on your lusts, but ask with a firmness unshaken, that
ewill yield to no temptation, but that ye will serve the true
and living God. See’ that ye are not baptized unworthily ; see
that ye partake not of the sacrament of Christ unworthily ;
but sce that ye do all things in worthiness, and do it im the
“name. of Jesus Christ, the Son of the living God; and if ye de
1
