this, and endure to the end, ye will in no wise be cast out.
Behold, I speak unto you as though f spake from the dead;
for I know that ye shall hear my words. Condemn me ng
because of mine imperfection ; neither my father, because gf
his imperfection ; neither them which have written before him,
but rather give thanks unto God that he hath made manifes:
unto you our imperfections, that ye may learn to be more wig
than that which we have been.

And now dehold, we have written this record according ty
our knowledge in the characters, which are called among us
the reformed Egyptian, being handed down and altered by us,
according to our manner of speech. And if our plates had
been sufficiently large, we should have written in the Hebrew;
but the Hebrew hath been altered by us also; and if we could
have written in the Hebrew, behold, ye would have had none
imperfection in our record. But the Lord knoweth the things
which we have written, and also that none other people know
eth our language ; and because that none other peopie know
eth our language, therefore he hath prepared means for the in
terpretation thereof.. And these. things are written, that we
may rid our garments of the blood of our brethren which have
dwindled in unbelief. And behold, these things which we
have desired concerning our brethren, yea, even their restom
tion to the knowledge of Christ, is according to the prayers of
all the saints which haye dwelt in the land. And may tle
Lord Jesus Christ grant that their prayers may be answered
according t@ their faith; and may God the Father remember
the covenant which he hath made with the house of Israd;
and may he’ bless them forever, through faith on the named!
Jesus Christ. Amen.

ET
BOOK OF ETHER.
CHAPTER 1. _

Axp now I, Moroni, proceed to give an account of th
ancient inhabitants which were destroyed by the hand of the
Lord upon the face of this north country. And I take mint
account from the twenty and four plates which were found by
the people of Limhi, which is called the Book of Ether. Auil
as I suppose that the first part of this record, which speaketh
