 

he was ina clowd, and the brother of Jared saw him not.
Aud'it came to pass that the Lord commanded them that they
should go forth into the wilderness, yea, inlo that quarter where
there never had man been. And it came to pass that the
Lord did go before them, and did talk with them as he stood
ina cloud, and gave directions whither they should travel.—
And it came to pass that they did travel in the wilderness, and
did build barges, in the which they did cross many waters,
being directed continually by the hand of the Lord. And the
Lord would not suffer that they should siop beyond the sea in
the wilderness, buthe would that they should come forth even
unto the land of promise, which was choice above all other
lands, which the Lord God had preserved for a righteous
people; and he had sworn in his wrath unto the brother of
Jared, that whoso should possess this land of promise, {rom
that time henceforth and forever, should serve him, the true and
only God, or they should be swept off when the fulness of his
wrath should come upon them. And now we can behold the
fecrees of God concerning this land, that it is a land of pro-
mise, and whatsoever nation shall possess it, shall serve God,
or they shall be swept off when the fulness of his wrath shall
come upon them. And the fulness of bis wrath cometh upon
them when they are ripened in iniquity: for behold, this is a
land which is choice above all other lands; wherefore. he that
doth possess it shall serve God, or shall be swept off; for it is
the everlasting decrees of God. And it is not until the ful-
ness of iniquity among the children of the land, that they are
‘wept off. And this cometh unto you, O ye Gentiles, that ye
may know the decrees of God, that ye may repent, and not
continue in your iniquitics until the fulness be come, that ye
may not bring down the fulness of the wrath of God upon
you, as the inhabitants of the land hath hitherto done. Behold,
this is,a choice land, and whatsoever nation shall possess it,
shall be free from bondage, and from captivity, and from all
other nations under Heaven, if they will but serve the God of
the land, which is Jesus Christ, which hath been manifested
by the things which we have written, And now I proceed
with my record: for behold it came to pass that the Lord did
bring Jared and his brethern forth even to that great sea which
divideth the Jands. And as they came to the sea, they pitched
their tents; and they called the name of the place Morian-
cumer ; and they dwelt in tents; and dwelt in tents upon the
Seashore for the space of four years. And it came to pass
