at the end of the four years, that the Lord came again mtg
the brother of Jared, and stood in a cloud and talked with hin,
And for the space of three hours did the Lord talk witht
brother of Jared, and chastened him because he remember
not to call upon the name of the Lord. And the brothe
of Jared repented him of the evil which he had done, and dig
call upon the name of the Lord for his brethern which wee
with him. And the Lord said unto him, I will forgive the
and thy brethern of their sins; but thou shalt not sin any mom, |
for ye shall remember that my spirit will not always |
with man; wherefore if ye will sm until ye are fully ripe, ye |
shall: be cut off from the presence of the Lord. And thisis
my thoughts upon the land which [ shall give you for youri-
heritance; for it shall be a land choice above all other tands
And the Lord said, Go to work and build, after the manne
of barges which ye have hitherto built. And it came to pas
that the brother of Jared did go to work, and also his bret
ren, and built barges after the maner which they had bull,
according to the instructions of the Lord. And they wee
small, and they were light upon the water, even like unto tle
lightness of a fowl upon the water; and they were built aile
a manner that they were exceeding tight, even that they woull
hold water Jike unto a dish ; and the bottom thereof was tigtl
like unto a dish; and the sides thereof was tight like unto
dish ; and the ends thereof were peaked ; and the top theres!
was tight like unto a dish; and the length thereof was tie
length of a tree; and the door thereof, when it was shut, wis
tight like unto adish. And itcame to pass that the brothera
Jared cried unto the Lord, saying: O Lord, I have performel
the work which thou hast commanded me, and I have male
the barges according as thou hast directed me. And bebolt,
O Lord, in them there is uo light, whither shall we steer—
And elso we shall perish, for in them we cannot breathe, sate
» itis the air which is in them ; therefore we shall perish. And
the Lord said unto the brother of Jared, Behold, thou shal
make a hole in the top thereof, and also in the bottom there0lj
and when thou shalt suffer for air, thou shalt unstop the hole
thereof, and receive air, And if it so be that the water come
in upon thee, behold, ye shall stop the hole thereof, that je
may not perish in the flood. And it came to pass that the
brother of Jared did so, according as the Lord had commanded
And be cried again unto the Lord, saying, O Lord, behold £
have done even as thou hast commanded me; and I have pre-
