they may shine forth i darkness ; and they shail shine fon)
unto us in the vessels which we have prepared, that we may
have light while we shall cross the sea. Behold, O Lox,
thou canst do this. We know that thouart able to shew for}
great power, which looks small unto the understanding of
men. And it came to pass that when the brother of Jared
had said these words, behold, the Lord stretched forth his
band and touched the stones, one’ by one, with his finger; an]
the veil was taken from off the eyes of the brother of Jared,
and he saw the finger of the Lord; and it was as the fingerof
aman, like unto flesh and blood; and the brother of Jured
fell down before the Lord, for he was struck with fear. And
the Lord saw that the brother of Jared had fallen to the earth;
and the Lord said unto him, Arise, why hast thou fallen? And
he saith anto the Lord, 1 saw the finger of the Lord, and]
feared lest he should smite me: tor I knew not that the Loni
had flesh and blood. And the Lord said unte him, Becauseal
thy faith thou hast scen that I shall take upon me flesh and
blood ; and never has man come before me with such excel
ing faith as thou hast: for were it so, ye could not have seen
my finger. Sawest thou more than this? And he ansvwered,

 

Nay, Lord, shew thyself unio me. And the Lord said unio |

hin, Believest thou the words which I shall speak? And he
answered, Yea, Lord, I know that thou speakest the truth,
for thou art a God of truth, and canst not lic. And whenhe
had said these words, behold, the Lord shewed himself unio
him, and said, Because thou knowest these things, ye are It
deemed from the fall; therefore ye are brought bacls into my
presence ; therefore 1 shew myself unto you. Behold, Ja
he which was prepared from the foundation of the world,
redeem my people. Behold, Yam Jesus Christ. 1 am the
Pather and the Son. Inme shall all mankind have light, ant
that eternally, even they which shell belicve on my name;
and they shall become my sons and my daughters, And me
yer hath I shewed myself unto man whom T have created, it
never hath man believed in me as thou hast. Seest thou tht
ye are created after mirie own image? Yea, even all men were
created, in the beginning, after mine own image. Behold, this
body, which ye now behold, is the body of my spirit; and
man have I created after the body of my spirit; aud eveu a!
appear unto thee tobe in the spirit, will I appear unto MY
people in the flesh. :

And now, 2s I Moroni, said I could not make a full aceou

iia
