number of the song and the daughters of the brother of Jared
were twenty and two souls; and the number of the sons and
daughters of Jared were twelve, he having four sons. And it
came to pass that they did number their people; and after that .
they had. numbered them, they did desire of them the things
which they would that they should do before they went down
to their graves. And it came to pass that the people desired
of them that they should_anoint one of their sons to be a king
over them.. And now behold, this was grievous unto them.—
But the brother of Jared said unto them, Surely, this thing
leadeth into captivity. But Jared said unto his brother, Suf
fer them that they may have a king; and therefore he said
unto them, Choose ye out from among our sons a king, even
whom ye will.

And it came to pass that they chose even the first born of
the brother of Jared; and.his name was Pagag. And it came
to pass that he refused and would not be their king. And the
people would that his father should constrain him; but his fae
ther would not; and he commanded them that they should
constrain no man to be their king. And it came to pass that
they chose all the brothers of Pagag, and they would not—
And it came to pass that neither would the sons of Jared, even
all, save it were one; and Orihah, he was anointed to be king
over the people. And he began to reign, and the people be-
gan to prosper; and they became exceeding rich, And it
came to pass that Jared died, and his brother also. And it
came to pass that Orihah did walk humbly before the Lord,
cand did remember how great things the Lord had done for his
father, and also taught his people how great things the Lord
had done for their fathers,

And it camé to pass that Orihah did execute judgement up-
on the land in righteousness all his days, whose days were ex
ceeding many. And he begat sons and daughters; yea, he be-
gat thirty and one, among whom were twenty and three sons.
And it came to pass that he also begat Kib in his old age. And
it came to pass that Kib reigned in his stead; and Kib begat
Corihor. And when Corihor was thirty and two years ald, he
rebelled against his father, and went over and dwelt in the
land of Nehor; and he begat sons and daughters; and they
became exceeding fair; wherefore Corihor drew away many
people after him, And when he had gathered together an
army, he came up unto the land of Moron where the king
dwelt, and took him captive, which brought to pass the say-
