ing of the brother of Jared, That they would be brought into
captivity. Now the land of Moron where the king dwelt, was
near the land which is called Desolation by the Nephites.—
And it came to pass that Kib dwelt in captivity, and his peo-
ple, under Corihor his son, until he became exceeding old;
nevertheless Kib begat Shule in his old age, while he was yet
in captivity.

And it came to pass that Shule was angry with his brother;
and Shule waxed strong, and became mighty, as to the strength
ofa man; and he was also mighty in judgement. Wherefore
he came to the hill Ephraim, and he did moulten out of the
hill, and made swords out of steel for those which he had
drew away with him; and after that he had armed them with
swords, he returned to the city Nehor and gave battle unto his
brother Corihor, by which means he obtained the kingdom,
and restored it unto his father Kib. And now because of the
thing which Shule had done, his father bestowed upon him the
kingdom ; therefore he began to reign in the stead of his father.
And it came to pass that he-did execute judgement in right-
eousness ; and he did spread his kingdom upon all the face of
the land, for the people had become exceeding numerous.—
And it came to pass that Shule also begat many sons and daugh-
ters. And Corihor repented of the many evils which he had
done; wherefore Shule gave him power in his kingdom. And,
it came to pass that Corihor had many sons and daughters.—
And among the sons of Corihor, there was one whose name
was Noah. _ #

And it came to pass that Noah rebelled against Shule, the
king, and also his father Corihor, and drew. away Cohor his
brother, and also all his brethren and many of the people.—
And he gave battle unto Shule, the king, in the which he did
obtain the land of their first inheritance; and he became a
king over that part of the land. And it came to pass that he

‘gave battle again unto Shule the king; and he tock Shule the
king, and carried him away captive into Moron. And it, came
to pass as he was’ about to put him to death, the sons of Sh
crept into the house of Noab by night and slew him, and b:
down the door of the prison and brought out their father, an
placed him upon his throne in his own kingdom; wherefore
the son of Nowxh did build up bis kingdom in his stead; nev-
ertheless they did not gain power any more over Shule the
king; and the people which were under the reign of Shule
the king, did prosper exceedingly and wax great. And the
