casses of them which fell by the way, until they had devoured |
them all. Now when the people saw that they must perish

they began to-repent of their iniquities, and cry unto the Lord.

And it came to pass that when they had humbled themselves

sufficiently before the Lord, the Lord did send rain upon the

face of the earth, and the people began to revive again, and |
there began to be fruitin the north countries, and in all the

countries round about. And the Lord did shew forth his

power unto them, in preserving them from famine. Andit

came to pars that Shez, hich was a descendant of Heth, for

Heth had perished by the famine, and all bis househoid, saveit |
were Shez; wherefore Shez hegan to build up again a broke
people, And it came to pass that Shez did remember the de-
struction of his fathers, and he did build up a righteous king
dom, for he remembered what the Lord had done in bringing
Jared and his brother across the deep; and’ he did walk in
the ways of the Lord, and he begat sons and daughters. Ani
his eldest son, whose name was Shez, did rebel against him;
nevertheless, Shez was smitten by the hand of a robber, he
cause of his cxeeeding riches, which brought peace agan
unto his father. And it came to pass that his father did bul?
up many cities upon the face of the land, and the people began
again to spread over all the face of the land. And Shezdi
live to an exceeding old age; and he begat Riplakish, and he
died. And Riplakish reigned in his stead. And it cameto
pass that Riplakish did not do that which was right inthe
sight of tle Lord, for he did have many wives and coneubinss,
and did lay that upon men’s shoulders which was gricvons to
be borne; yea, he did tax them with heavy taxes; and with
the taxes he did build many spacious buildings. And he did
erect him an exceeding beautiful throne, and be did build me
ny prisons, and whoso would not be subject unto taxes, he did
cast into prison; and whoso were not able to pay taxes, he
did cast into prison; and he did cause that they should lator
continually for their support; and whoso refused to labor, he
did cause to be put to death ; wherefore he did obtain ali his
fine work ; yea, even his fine gold he did cause to be refined
in prison, and all manner of fine workmanship he did canst
be'wrought in prison. And it came fo pass that he did afl
the people with his whoredoms and abominations; and when
he had reigned for the space of forty and two years, the pe
ple did raise up in rebellion against him, and there began tobe

 
