spirit of the Lord which was in him: for he did ery from the
morning, even until the going down of the sun, exhorting the
people to beheve in God unto repentance, lest they should be
destroyed, saying unto them, That by faith all things are ful-
filled; wherefore, whoso believeth in God, might with surety
hope for a better world, yea, even a place at the right hand of
God, which hope cometh of faith, maketh an anchor to the
souls of men, which would make them sure and steadfast, al-
ways abounding in good works, being led to glorify God. And
it came to pass that Ether did prophesy great and marvellous
things unto the people, which they did not believe, because
they saw them not. And now I, Moroni, would speak some-
what concerning these things: I would shew unto the world
that faith is things which are hoped for and not seen; where-
fore, dispute not because ye see not, for ye receive no wit-
ness until after the irial of your faith: forit was by faith
that Christ shewed himself unto our fathers, after that he had
risen from the dead; and he shewed not himself unto them,

until after they had faith in him; wherefore it must-needs be .

that some had faith in him, for he shewed himself not unto
the world. But because of the faith of men, he has shewn
himself unto the world, and glorified the name of the Father,
and prepared a way that thereby others might be partakers of
the heavenly gift, that they might hope for those things which
they have not seen; wherefore ye may also have hope, and be
partakers of the gift, if ye will but have faith. Behold, it was

by faith that they of old were called: after the holy order of

God; wherefore, by faith, was the law of Moses given. But
inthe gift of his Son, hath God prepared a more excellent
way; and it is by faith that it hath been fulfilled : for if there
be no faith among the children of men, God can do no mira-
cle among them ; wherefore he shewed not himself until after
their faith. Behold, it was the faith of Alma and Amulek that
caused the prison to tumble to the earth. Behold, it was the
faith of Nephi and Lehi, that wrought the change upon the
Lamanites, that they were baptized with fire and with the Holy
Ghost. Behold, it was the faith of Ammon and his brethren,
Which wrought so great a miracle among the Lamanites; yea,
and cyen all they which wrought miracles, wrought them by
faith, even those which were before Christ, and also them
Which were after. And it was by faith that the three disci-
ples obtained a promise that they should not taste of death ;
and they obtained not the promise until after their faith, And
