neither at any time hath any wrought miracles until after their
faith ; wherefore they first believed in the Son of God. And
there’ were many whose faith was so excecding strong even
before Christ came, which could not be kept from within the
veil, but truly saw with their eyes the-things which they had
beheld with an eye of faith, and they were glad. And behold,
we have seen in this record, that one of these was the brother
of Jared: for so great was his faith in God, that when God
put forth his finger, he could not hide it from the sight of the
brother of Jared, because of bis word which he had spoken
unto him, which word he had obtained by faith. And after
that the brother of Jared had beheld the finger of the Lord,
because of the promise which the brother of Jared had obtain.
ed by faith, the Lord could not withhold any thing from his
sight; wherefore he shewed him all things, for he could no
longer be kept without the veil. And it is by faith that my
fathers have obtained the promise that these things should
come unto their brethren through the Gentiles; therefore the
Lord hath commanded me, yea, even Jesus Christ. And]
said unto him, Lord, the Gentiles will mock at these things,
because of our weakness in writing: for Lord, thou hast made
us mighty in word by faith, whereunto thou hast not madew
mighty in writing: for thou hast made all this people that they
could speak much, because of the Holy Ghost which thou
hast given them; and thou hast made us that we could write
but little, because of the awkwardness of our bands, Behold,
thou hast not made us mighty in writing like unto the brother
of Jared, for thou madest him that the things which he wile
were mighty even as thou art, unto the overpowering of mah
to read them, Thou hast also made our words powerful and
great, even that we cannot write them ; wherefore, when Wt
“write, we behold our weakness, and stumble because of the
_ placing of our words; and I fear lest the Gentiles shall mock

at our words. And.when I had said this, the Lord spake ule

to me, saying, Fools mock, but they shall mourn; and ny

grace is sufficient for the meck, that they shall take uo advair

tage of your weakness: and if men come unto me, I will shew

unto them their weakness. I give unto men wealmess, thi!

x

they may be humble; and my grace is suificient for all mn

that humble themselves before me: for if they humble the

selves hefore me, and have faith in me, then will I make @
things become strong unto them. Behold, I will shew wl?
the Gentiles their weakness, and I will shew unto them
