his household, save it were himsclf, and he should only live
to see the fulfilling of the prophecies which had heen spoken
concerning another people receiving the land for their inheri-
tance ; and Coriantumr should receive a burial by them; and
every soul should be destroyed save it were Coriantumr. And
it came to pass that Coriantumr repented not, neither his
household, neither the people; and the wars did cease not;
and they sought to kill Ether, but he fled from before them,
and hid again in the cavity of the rock. And it came to pass
that there arose-up Shared, and he also gave battle unto Cori-
antumr; and he did beat him, insomuch that in the third year
he did bring him into captivity. And the sons of Coriantum,
in the fourth year, did beat Shared, and did obtain the king-
dom again unto their father. Now there began to be a war
upon.all the face of the land, every man with his band, fight
ing for that which he desired. And there was robbers, and
in fine, all manner of wickedness upon all the face of the land.
And it came to pass that Coriantumr was excceding angry
with Shared, and he went against him with his armies, to bat-
tle; and they did meet in great anger; and they did meet in
the valley of Gilgal; and the battle became exceeding sore—
And it came to pass that Shared fought against him for the
space of three days. And it came to pass that Coriantumr
beat him, and did pursue him until he came to the plains of
Heshlon. And it came to pass that Shared gave him baltle
again upon the plains; and behold, he did beat Coriantumr,
and drove him back again to the valley of Gilgal. And Cor
antumr gave Shared battle again in the valley of Gilgal, in the
which be beat Shared, and slew him. And Shared wounded
Coriantumr, in his thigh, that he did not go to battle again for
the space of two years, in the which time all the people upon
all the face of the land were a shedding blood, and there was
none to constrain them. And now there began. to be a great
curse upon the land, because of the iniqiuty of the people, in
the which, ifa’man should Jay his tool or his sword upon the
shelf, or upon the place whither he would keep it, and behold,
upon the morrow, he could not find it, so great was the curst
upon the land. Wherefore every man did cleave unto thet
which was his own, with his hands, and would not borrow,
neither would he lend; and every man kept the hilt of bis
sword thereof, in his right hand, in the defence of his proper
ty and his own life, and they of bis wives and children. ”
now after the space of two years, and after the death of She

De

  
 
 
