Shiz. And it came to pass that they slept upon their swords
that night, and on the morrow they fought again, and they
contended in their mights with their swords, and with their
shields, all that day; and when the night came there was thir-
ty and two of the people of Shiz, and twenty and seven of the
people of Coriantumr. And it came to pass that they ate and
slept, and prepared for death on the morrow. . And they were
large and mighty men, as to the strength of men. Andit came
to pass that they fought for the space of three hours, and
they fainted with the loss of blood. And it came to pass that
when the men of Coriantumr had received sufficient strength,
that they could walk, they were about to flee for their lives,
but behold, Shiz arose, and also his men, and he swore in his
wrath that he would slay Coriantumr, or he would perish by
the sword; wherefore he did pursue them, and on the mor-
row he did overtake them; and they fought again with the
sword. And it came to pass that when they had all fallen
by the sword, save it were Coriantumr and Shiz, behold,
Shiz had fainted with loss of blood. And it came to pass
that when Coriantumr bad leaned upon his sword, that he
rested a little, he smote off the head of Shiz. And it
came to pass that after he had smote off the head of Shiz,
that Shiz raised upon his hands and fell; and after that he
had struggled for breath, he died. And it. came to pass that
Coriantumr fell to the earth, and became as if he had no life.
And the Lord spake unto Ether, and said unto him, Go forth.
And he went forth, and bebeld that the words of the Lord had
all been fulfilled ; and he finished his record; (and the hun-

dredih part J have vot written,)-and he hid them ina manner

that the people of Limhi did find them. Now the last-vords
which are written by Ether, are these: Whetherthe Lord
will that I be translated, or that I suffer the wilof the Lord in
theflesh: It mattereth not, if it so be that? am saved in the
kingdom of God. Amen. i

«
