words unto our fathers, saying, Whatsoever thing ye shall ack
the Father in my name; which is good, in faith believing that
ye shall receive, bebold, it shall be done unto you. Where-
fore, my beloved brethren, hath miracles ceased, because that
Christ hath ascended into heaven, arid hath set down on the
tight band of God, to claim of the Father his rights of mercy
which he hath upon the children of men; for he hath answer-
ed the ends of the’ law, and he claimeth all those that hath
faith in him ; and they that have faith in him, will cleave unto
every good thing; wherefore he advocateth the cause of the
children of men; and he dwelleth eternally in the heavens.—
And because that he hath done this, my beloved brethren, hath
miracles ceased? Behold I say unto you, Nay; neither hath
angels ceased to minister unto the children of men, For
behold, they are subject unto him, to minister according to the
word of his command, shewing themselves unto them of
Strong faith and a firm mind, in every form of godliness. ind
the office of their ministry is, to call men unto repentance, and
to fulfil and to do the work of the covenants of the Father

which he hath made unto the children of men, to pre} are the”

way among the childrea of men, by declaring the wa rd of
' Christ unto the chosen vessels of the ‘Lord, that they may
bear testimony of him; and by so doing, the Lord God prepar-
eth the way that the residue of men may have faith in Christ,
that the Holy Ghost may have place in their heart cording
to the power.thereof : and after this manner bringéth to pass
the Father the covenants which he hath made unto thewhil-
dren of men. And Christ hath said, If ye will have faith #
me, ye shall have power to do whatsoever thing is exp: ft
in me, And he hath said, Repent all ye ends of the earth,
. and come unto me and be baptized in my name, and have
faith in me, that ye may be saved.
And now my beloved brethren, if this be the case that these
things are true which I have spoken unto you, and God will
shew unto you with power and great glory at the last day, that
they are true; and if they are true, hath the day of miracles
ceased ? or hath angels ceased to appear unto the children of
men? or hath he withheld the power of the Holy Ghost from
hem? or will he, so long as time shall last, or the earth shall
tand, or there shall be onc man upon the face thereof to be
‘saved? Behold I say unte you Nay, for it is by faith that mir-
acles are wrought; and it is by faith that angels appear and
minister unto men; wherefore if these things have ceased, wo

—
