CHAPTER YIIL

Aw epistle of my father Mormon, written to me, Moroni;
and it was written unto me soon after my calling to the :min-
istry. And on this wise did he write unto me, Saying: My
beloved son Moroni, I rejoice exceedingly that your Lord Jesus
Christ hath been mindful of you, and hath called you to his
ministry, and to bis holy work. Tam mindful of you always
in my prayers, continually praying unto God the Father, in
the name of his holy child, Jesus, that he, through his
infinite goodness and grace, will keep you through the endu-
rance of faith on his name to the end.

And now my son, I speak wnto you concerning that which
grieveth me exceedingly : for it grieveth me that there should
disputations rise among you. For if I have learned the truth:
there has been disputations among you concerning the baptism
of your little children. And now my son, I desire that ye
should labor diligently, that this gross error should be remo-
ved from among you: for, for this intent I have written this
epistle. For immediately after I had learned these things of
you, I inquired of the Lord concerning the matter. And the
word of the Lord came to me by the power of the Holy Ghost,
saying, Listen to the words of Christ, your Redeemer, your
Lord and your God. Behold, 1 came into the world not to
call the righteous, but sinners to repentance; the whole need
no physician, but they that are sick; wherefore little children
are whole, for they are not capable of committing sin; where-
fore the curse of Adam is taken from them in me, that it hath
no power over them: and the law of circumcision is done.
away in me. And after this manner did the Holy Ghost mani-
fest the word of God unto me; wherefore my beloved soi a

» know that it is solemn mockery before God, that ye should
baptize little children. Behold I say unto you, that this thing
shall ye teach, repentance and baptism unto they which are
accountable and capable of committing sin; yea, teach parents
that they must repent and be baptized, and humble themselves.
as their little children, and they shall all be saved with their little
children ; and their little children necd no repentance, neither
baptism. Behold, baptism is unto repentance to the fulfilling
the commandments unto the remission of sins. But little
children are alive in Christ, even from the foundation of the
world: if not so, God is a partial God, and also a changeble
God, and a respecter to persons: for how many little children
