may conquer the enemy. of all righteousness, and rest our
souls in the kingdom of God, 2
And now I write somewhat concernirig the sufferings of thie
people. For aceording to the knowledge which I have re-
ceived [rom Amoron, behold, the Lamanites have many pris:
oners, which they took. from the tower of Sherrizah ; and
there were men, women.and children. * And the husbands and
fathers of those women and children they have slain; and
they feed the women upon the flesh of their husbands, and
the children upon the (lesh of their fathers; and no water,
save a little, do they give unto them. And notwithstanding
this great abomination of the Lamanites, it doth not exceed *
that of our people in Moriantum. For behold, many of the
daughters of the Lamanites have they taken prisoners; and
after depriving them of that which was most dear and pre+
cious above all things, which is chastity and virtue ; and after
that they had done this thing, they-did murder them in a most
_ eruel manner, torturing their bodies even unto death; and af:
ter that they have done this, they devour their flesh like unto
wild beasts, because of the hardness of their hearts; and they
do it for a token of bravery. O my beloved son, how can a
people like this, that are without civilization ; (and only a few
years have passed away, and they were a civil and a delight
some people ;) but O my son, how can a people like this;
whose delight is in so much abomination, how can we expect
that God will stay his hand in judgement against us? Behold,
iny heart cries wo unto this people. Come out in judgement,
O God, and hide their sins, and wickedness, and abominations
from before thy face. And again, my son, there are many
‘widows and their daughters, which remain in Sherrizah ; and _
that part of the provisions which the Lamanites did not carry |
away, behold, the army of Zenephi has carried away, and left
them to wander withersoever they can for food; and many
old women do faint by the way and die. And the army which
is with me, is weak; and the armies of the Lamanites aré
betwixt Sherrizah and me; and as many as have fled to the
army of Aaron, have fallen victims to their awful brutality. 0
the depravity of my people! they are without order and with-
out mercy. Behold, I am but a man, and Thave but the strength
of aman, and I cannot any longer enforce my commands; and
they have become strong in their perversion; and they are”
alike brutal, sparing nohe, neither old nor young; and they de”
