wisdom in God that ye should read them, that ye would re-
member how, merciful the Lord hath been unto the children of
men, from the creation of Adam, even down until the time
that ye shall receive these things, and ponder it in your hearts,
And when ye shall receive these things, | would exhort. you
that ye would ask God, the Eternal Father, in the name of
Christ, if these things are not true; dnd if ye shall ask witha
sincere heart, with real intent, having faith in Christ, and he

J avill manifest the truth of it unto you, by the power of the Ho-
ty Ghost; and by the power of the Holy Ghost, ye may know
the truth of all things. And whatsoever thing is good, is just _
and true ; wherefore, nothing that is good denicth the Christ,
but.acknowledgeth that he is. And ye may know that he is;
by the power of the Holy Ghost; wherefore I would exhort
you, that ye deny not the power of God: for he worketh by
power, according to the faith of the children of men, the same
to-day, and to-morrow, and forever. And again I exhort you,
my brethren, that ye deny not the gifts of God, for they are
many; and they come from the same God. And there are
different ways that these gifts are administered ; but it is the
same, God which worketh all in all: and they are given by the
manifestations of the spirit of God unto men, to profit them.
For behold, to one is given by the spirit of God, that he may’
teach the word of wisdom; and to another, that he may teach
the word of knowledge by the same spirit; and to another,
exeeeding great faith; and to another, the gifts of healing by
the same spirit. And again, to another, that he may work —
mighty miracles ; and again, to another, that he may prophesy
concerning all things; and again, to another, the beholding of

_ angels and ministering spirits; and again, to another, all kinds
of tongues ; and. again, to another, the interpretation of lan-

: guages and-of diverse kinds of tongues. And all these gifts
comes by the spirit of Christ; and they come unto every mat
severally, according as he will. And I would exhort you, my ~
beloyed brethren, that ye remember that every good gift com-
eth of Christ. And I would exhort you, my beloved brethren,
that ye remember that he is the same yesterday, to-day, and
forever, and that all these gifts of which I have spoken, which
are spiritual, never will be done away, even as long as i

world shall stand, only according to the unbelief of the chit
dren of men. Wherefore, there must be faith; and if there”
must be faith, there must also be hope ; and if there must he
hope, there must also be charity; and except ye have charity,
