slay me, therefore I finish my message. Yea, and I perceive that it
cuts you to your hearts because I
tell you the truth concerning your
iniquities.

8 Yea, and my words fill you with
wonder and amazement, and with
anger.

9 But I finish my message; and
then it matters not whither I go,
if it so be that I am saved.

10 But this much I tell you, what
you do with me, after this, shall be
as a type and a shadow of things
which are to come.

11 And now I read unto you the
remainder of the commandments
of God, for I perceive that they are
not written in your hearts; I perceive
that ye have studied and taught iniquity the most part of your lives.

12 And now, ye remember that
I said unto you: Thou shalt not
make unto thee any graven image,
or any likeness of things which are
in heaven above, or which are in the
earth beneath, or which are in
the water under the earth.

13 And again: Thou shalt not bow
down thyself unto them, nor serve
them; for I the Lord thy God am a
jealous God, visiting the iniquities
of the fathers upon the children,
unto the third and fourth generations of them that hate me;

14 And showing mercy unto thousands of them that love me and keep
my commandments.

15 Thou shalt not take the name
of the Lord thy God in vain; for the
Lord will not hold him guiltless
that taketh his name in vain.

16 Remember the sabbath day, to
keep it holy.

17 Six days shalt thou labor, and
do all thy work;

18 But the seventh day, the sabbath of the Lord thy God, thou
shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy
son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maid-servant, nor
thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is
within thy gates;

19 For in six days the Lord made
heaven and earth, and the sea, and
all that in them is; wherefore the
Lord blessed the sabbath day, and
hallowed it.

20 Honor thy father and thy
mother, that thy days may be long
upon the land which the Lord thy
God giveth thee.

21 Thou shalt not kill.

22 Thou shalt not commit adultery. Thou shalt not steal.

23 Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor.

24 Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house, thou shalt not covet
thy neighbor's wife, nor his manservant, nor his maid-servant, nor his
ox, nor his ass, nor anything that
is thy neighbor's.

25 And it came to pass that after
Abinadi had made an end of these
sayings that he said unto them: Have
ye taught this people that they
should observe to do all these things
for to keep these commandments?

26 I say unto you, Nay; for if ye
had, the Lord would not have caused
me to come forth and to prophesy
evil concerning this people.

27 And now ye have said that salvation cometh by the law of Moses.
I say unto you that it is expedient
that ye should keep the law of
Moses as yet; but I say unto you,

