that can never be darkened; yea,
and also a life which is endless,
that there can be no more death.

10 Even this mortal shall put on
immortality, and this corruption
shall put on incorruption, and shall
be brought to stand before the bar
of God, to be judged of him according to their works whether they be
good or whether they be evil—

11 If they be good, to the resurrection of endless life and happiness; and if they be evil, to the
resurrection of endless damnation,
being delivered up to the devil,
who hath subjected them, which
is damnation—

12 Having gone according to their
own carnal wills and desires; having never called upon the Lord
while the arms of mercy were extended towards them; for the arms
of mercy were extended towards
them, and they would not; they
being warned of their iniquities
and yet they would not depart from
them; and they were commanded
to repent and yet they would
not repent.

13 And now, ought ye not to tremble and repent of your sins, and remember that only in and through
Christ ye can be saved?

14 Therefore, if ye teach the law
of Moses, also teach that it is a
shadow of those things which are
to come—

15 Teach them that redemption
cometh through Christ the Lord, who
is the very Eternal Father. Amen.

CHAPTER 17

Alma believes and writes the words
of Abinadi—Abinadi suffers death by
fire—He prophesies disease and death by
fire upon his murderers. About 148 B.C.

And now it came to pass that when
Abinadi had finished these sayings,
that the king commanded that the
priests should take him and cause
that he should be put to death.

2 But there was one among them
whose name was Alma, he also being a descendant of Nephi. And he
was a young man, and he believed
the words which Abinadi had spoken, for he knew concerning the
iniquity which Abinadi had testified against them; therefore he
began to plead with the king that
he would not be angry with Abinadi, but suffer that he might depart
in peace.

3 But the king was more wroth,
and caused that Alma should be cast
out from among them, and sent his
servants after him that they might
slay him.

4 But he fled from before them
and hid himself that they found
him not. And he being concealed
for many days did write all the
words which Abinadi had spoken.

5 And it came to pass that the king
caused that his guards should surround Abinadi and take him; and
they bound him and cast him into
prison.

6 And after three days, having counseled with his priests, he caused
that he should again be brought
before him.

7 And he said unto him: Abinadi, we have found an accusation
against thee, and thou art worthy
of death.

8 For thou hast said that God
himself should come down among

