the children of men; and now, for
this cause thou shalt be put to death
unless thou wilt recall all the words
which thou hast spoken evil concerning me and my people.

9 Now Abinadi said unto him: I
say unto you, I will not recall the
words which I have spoken unto
you concerning this people, for they
are true; and that ye may know of
their surety I have suffered myself
that I have fallen into your hands.

10 Yea, and I will suffer even until death, and I will not recall my
words, and they shall stand as a testimony against you. And if ye slay
me ye will shed innocent blood,
and this shall also stand as a testimony against you at the last day.

11 And now king Noah was about
to release him, for he feared his
word; for he feared that the judgments of God would come upon him.

12 But the priests lifted up their
voices against him, and began to
accuse him, saying: He has reviled
the king. Therefore the king was
stirred up in anger against him,
and he delivered him up that he
might be slain.

13 And it came to pass that they
took him and bound him, and
scourged his skin with faggots,
yea, even unto death.

14 And now when the flames began to scorch him, he cried unto
them, saying:

15 Behold, even as ye have done
unto me, so shall it come to pass
that thy seed shall cause that
many shall suffer the pains that I
do suffer, even the pains of death
by fire; and this because they believe in the salvation of the Lord
their God.

16 And it will come to pass that ye
shall be afflicted with all manner of
diseases because of your iniquities.

17 Yea, and ye shall be smitten
on every hand, and shall be driven
and scattered to and fro, even as a
wild flock is driven by wild and
ferocious beasts.

18 And in that day ye shall be
hunted, and ye shall be taken by
the hand of your enemies, and then
ye shall suffer, as I suffer, the pains
of death by fire.

19 Thus God executeth vengeance
upon those that destroy his people.
O God, receive my soul.

20 And now, when Abinadi had
said these words, he fell, having
suffered death by fire; yea, having
been put to death because he would
not deny the commandments of
God, having sealed the truth of his
words by his death.

CHAPTER 18

Alma preaches in private—He sets forth
the covenant of baptism and baptizes
at the waters of Mormon—He organizes the Church of Christ and ordains
priests—They support themselves and
teach the people—Alma and his people
flee from King Noah into the wilderness. About 147-145 B.C.

And now, it came to pass that Alma,
who had fled from the servants of
king Noah, repented of his sins and
iniquities, and went about privately
among the people, and began to
teach the words of Abinadi—

2 Yea, concerning that which was
to come, and also concerning the
resurrection of the dead, and the redemption of the people, which was
to be brought to pass through the

