buried in the water; and they arose
and came forth out of the water rejoicing, being filled with the Spirit.

15 And again, Alma took another,
and went forth a second time into
the water, and baptized him according to the first, only he did not
bury himself again in the water.

16 And after this manner he did
baptize every one that went forth
to the place of Mormon; and they
were in number about two hundred
and four souls; yea, and they were
baptized in the waters of Mormon,
and were filled with the grace
of God.

17 And they were called the church
of God, or the church of Christ,
from that time forward. And it came
to pass that whosoever was baptized
by the power and authority of God
was added to his church.

18 And it came to pass that Alma,
having authority from God, ordained priests; even one priest to
every fifty of their number did he
ordain to preach unto them, and to
teach them concerning the things
pertaining to the kingdom of God.

19 And he commanded them that
they should teach nothing save
it were the things which he had
taught, and which had been spoken
by the mouth of the holy prophets.

20 Yea, even he commanded them
that they should preach nothing
save it were repentance and faith
on the Lord, who had redeemed
his people.

21 And he commanded them that
there should be no contention one
with another, but that they should
look forward with one eye, having
one faith and one baptism, having
their hearts knit together in unity
and in love one towards another.

22 And thus he commanded them
to preach. And thus they became
the children of God.

23 And he commanded them that
they should observe the sabbath
day, and keep it holy, and also every day they should give thanks to
the Lord their God.

24 And he also commanded them
that the priests whom he had ordained should labor with their
own hands for their support.

25 And there was one day in every
week that was set apart that they
should gather themselves together
to teach the people, and to worship
the Lord their God, and also, as often as it was in their power, to assemble themselves together.

26 And the priests were not to depend upon the people for their support; but for their labor they were
to receive the grace of God, that
they might wax strong in the Spirit,
having the knowledge of God, that
they might teach with power and
authority from God.

27 And again Alma commanded
that the people of the church should
impart of their substance, every
one according to that which he
had; if he have more abundantly
he should impart more abundantly;
and of him that had but little, but

