
and to lead astray the people of the
Lord, contrary to the commandments of God, or even the king—

11 And as I said unto you, as they
were going about rebelling against
God, behold, the angel of the Lord
appeared unto them; and he descended as it were in a cloud; and
he spake as it were with a voice of
thunder, which caused the earth to
shake upon which they stood;

12 And so great was their astonishment, that they fell to the earth,
and understood not the words which
he spake unto them.

13 Nevertheless he cried again, saying: Alma, arise and stand forth, for
why persecutest thou the church of
God? For the Lord hath said: This
is my church, and I will establish
it; and nothing shall overthrow
it, save it is the transgression of
my people.

14 And again, the angel said:
Behold, the Lord hath heard the
prayers of his people, and also
the prayers of his servant, Alma,
who is thy father; for he has prayed
with much faith concerning thee
that thou mightest be brought to
the knowledge of the truth; therefore, for this purpose have I come
to convince thee of the power and
authority of God, that the prayers
of his servants might be answered
according to their faith.

15 And now behold, can ye dispute the power of God? For behold, doth not my voice shake the
earth? And can ye not also behold me before you? And I am sent
from God.

16 Now I say unto thee: Go, and
remember the captivity of thy
fathers in the land of Helam, and
in the land of Nephi; and remember
how great things he has done for
them; for they were in bondage,
and he has delivered them. And
now I say unto thee, Alma, go thy
way, and seek to destroy the church
no more, that their prayers may be
answered, and this even if thou wilt
of thyself be cast off.

17 And now it came to pass that
these were the last words which
the angel spake unto Alma, and
he departed.

18 And now Alma and those that
were with him fell again to the
earth, for great was their astonishment; for with their own eyes
they had beheld an angel of the
Lord; and his voice was as thunder,
which shook the earth; and they
knew that there was nothing save
the power of God that could shake
the earth and cause it to tremble
as though it would part asunder.

19 And now the astonishment of
Alma was so great that he became
dumb, that he could not open his
mouth; yea, and he became weak,
even that he could not move his
hands; therefore he was taken by
those that were with him, and carried helpless, even until he was laid
before his father.

20 And they rehearsed unto his
father all that had happened unto
them; and his father rejoiced, for
he knew that it was the power
of God.

21 And he caused that a multitude
should be gathered together that
they might witness what the Lord

