CHAPTER 7

Christ will be born of Mary—He will
loose the bands of death and bear the
sins of His people—Those who repent,
are baptized, and keep the commandments
will have eternal life—Filthiness
cannot inherit the kingdom of God—
Humility, faith, hope, and charity are
required. About 83 B.C.

Behold my beloved brethren, seeing that I have been permitted to
come unto you, therefore I attempt
to address you in my language; yea,
by my own mouth, seeing that it
is the first time that I have spoken unto you by the words of my
mouth, I having been wholly confined to the judgment-seat, having
had much business that I could not
come unto you.

2 And even I could not have come
now at this time were it not that
the judgment-seat hath been given
to another, to reign in my stead;
and the Lord in much mercy hath
granted that I should come unto you.

3 And behold, I have come having
great hopes and much desire that
I should find that ye had humbled
yourselves before God, and that ye
had continued in the supplicating
of his grace, that I should find that
ye were blameless before him, that I
should find that ye were not in the
awful dilemma that our brethren
were in at Zarahemla.

4 But blessed be the name of God,
that he hath given me to know, yea,
hath given unto me the exceedingly
great joy of knowing that they are
established again in the way of his
righteousness.

5 And I trust, according to the
Spirit of God which is in me, that I
shall also have joy over you; nevertheless I do not desire that my joy
over you should come by the cause
of so much afflictions and sorrow
which I have had for the brethren
at Zarahemla, for behold, my joy
cometh over them after wading
through much affliction and sorrow.

6 But behold, I trust that ye are
not in a state of so much unbelief
as were your brethren; I trust that
ye are not lifted up in the pride
of your hearts; yea, I trust that ye
have not set your hearts upon riches
and the vain things of the world;
yea, I trust that you do not worship
idols, but that ye do worship the
true and the living God, and that
ye look forward for the remission
of your sins, with an everlasting
faith, which is to come.

7 For behold, I say unto you there
be many things to come; and behold, there is one thing which is
of more importance than they all—
for behold, the time is not far distant that the Redeemer liveth and
cometh among his people.

8 Behold, I do not say that he will
come among us at the time of his
dwelling in his mortal tabernacle;
for behold, the Spirit hath not said
unto me that this should be the
case. Now as to this thing I do not
know; but this much I do know,
that the Lord God hath power to do
all things which are according to
his word.

9 But behold, the Spirit hath said
this much unto me, saying: Cry unto
this people, saying—Repent ye,
and prepare the way of the Lord,
and walk in his paths, which are
straight; for behold, the kingdom
of heaven is at hand, and the Son
of God cometh upon the face of
the earth.

10 And behold, he shall be born
of Mary, at Jerusalem which is the
land of our forefathers, she being
a virgin, a precious and chosen

