journeyed many days in the wilderness, and they fasted much and
prayed much that the Lord would
grant unto them a portion of his
Spirit to go with them, and abide
with them, that they might be an
instrument in the hands of God to
bring, if it were possible, their brethren, the Lamanites, to the knowledge
of the truth, to the knowledge of the
baseness of the traditions of their
fathers, which were not correct.

10 And it came to pass that the
Lord did visit them with his Spirit,
and said unto them: Be comforted.
And they were comforted.

11 And the Lord said unto them
also: Go forth among the Lamanites, thy brethren, and establish
my word; yet ye shall be patient in
long-suffering and afflictions, that
ye may show forth good examples
unto them in me, and I will make
an instrument of thee in my hands
unto the salvation of many souls.

12 And it came to pass that the hearts
of the sons of Mosiah, and also those
who were with them, took courage
to go forth unto the Lamanites to
declare unto them the word of God.

13 And it came to pass when they
had arrived in the borders of the
land of the Lamanites, that they
separated themselves and departed
one from another, trusting in the
Lord that they should meet again
at the close of their harvest; for
they supposed that great was the
work which they had undertaken.

14 And assuredly it was great,
for they had undertaken to preach
the word of God to a wild and a
hardened and a ferocious people;
a people who delighted in murdering the Nephites, and robbing and
plundering them; and their hearts
were set upon riches, or upon gold
and silver, and precious stones; yet
they sought to obtain these things
by murdering and plundering, that
they might not labor for them with
their own hands.

15 Thus they were a very indolent
people, many of whom did worship
idols, and the curse of God had
fallen upon them because of the
traditions of their fathers; notwithstanding the promises of the Lord
were extended unto them on the
conditions of repentance.

16 Therefore, this was the cause
for which the sons of Mosiah had
undertaken the work, that perhaps
they might bring them unto repentance; that perhaps they might
bring them to know of the plan of
redemption.

17 Therefore they separated themselves one from another, and went
forth among them, every man alone,
according to the word and power
of God which was given unto him.

18 Now Ammon being the chief
among them, or rather he did administer unto them, and he departed
from them, after having blessed
them according to their several
stations, having imparted the word
of God unto them, or administered
unto them before his departure; and
thus they took their several journeys throughout the land.

19 And Ammon went to the land
of Ishmael, the land being called
after the sons of Ishmael, who also
became Lamanites.

20 And as Ammon entered the land
of Ishmael, the Lamanites took him
and bound him, as was their custom to bind all the Nephites who
fell into their hands, and carry them
before the king; and thus it was left
to the pleasure of the king to slay
them, or to retain them in captivity,

