them (for it was unto the king and to
his servants) all the journeyings of
their fathers in the wilderness, and
all their sufferings with hunger and
thirst, and their travail, and so forth.

38 And he also rehearsed unto them
concerning the rebellions of Laman
and Lemuel, and the sons of Ishmael,
yea, all their rebellions did he relate
unto them; and he expounded unto
them all the records and scriptures
from the time that Lehi left Jerusalem down to the present time.

39 But this is not all; for he expounded unto them the plan of
redemption, which was prepared
from the foundation of the world;
and he also made known unto them
concerning the coming of Christ,
and all the works of the Lord did
he make known unto them.

40 And it came to pass that after
he had said all these things, and
expounded them to the king, that
the king believed all his words.

41 And he began to cry unto the
Lord, saying: O Lord, have mercy;
according to thy abundant mercy
which thou hast had upon the people of Nephi, have upon me, and
my people.

42 And now, when he had said
this, he fell unto the earth, as if
he were dead.

43 And it came to pass that his
servants took him and carried him
in unto his wife, and laid him upon
a bed; and he lay as if he were dead
for the space of two days and two
nights; and his wife, and his sons,
and his daughters mourned over
him, after the manner of the Lamanites, greatly lamenting his loss.

CHAPTER 19

Lamoni receives the light of everlasting
life and sees the Redeemer—His household
falls into a trance, and many see
angels—Ammon is preserved
miraculously—He baptizes many and establishes
a church among them. About 90 B.C.

And it came to pass that after two
days and two nights they were about
to take his body and lay it in a sepulchre, which they had made for
the purpose of burying their dead.

2 Now the queen having heard of
the fame of Ammon, therefore she
sent and desired that he should
come in unto her.

3 And it came to pass that Ammon
did as he was commanded, and
went in unto the queen, and desired
to know what she would that he
should do.

4 And she said unto him: The servants of my husband have made it
known unto me that thou art a
prophet of a holy God, and that
thou hast power to do many mighty
works in his name;

5 Therefore, if this is the case, I
would that ye should go in and
see my husband, for he has been
laid upon his bed for the space
of two days and two nights; and
some say that he is not dead, but
others say that he is dead and that
he stinketh, and that he ought to
be placed in the sepulchre; but as
for myself, to me he doth not stink.

6 Now, this was what Ammon desired, for he knew that king Lamoni was under the power of God; he
knew that the dark veil of unbelief was being cast away from his
mind, and the light which did light
up his mind, which was the light of
the glory of God, which was a marvelous light of his goodness—yea,
this light had infused such joy into
his soul, the cloud of darkness having been dispelled, and that the
light of everlasting life was lit up in

