his soul, yea, he knew that this had
overcome his natural frame, and
he was carried away in God—

7 Therefore, what the queen desired of him was his only desire.
Therefore, he went in to see the
king according as the queen had
desired him; and he saw the king,
and he knew that he was not dead.

8 And he said unto the queen:
He is not dead, but he sleepeth in
God, and on the morrow he shall
rise again; therefore bury him not.

9 And Ammon said unto her:
Believest thou this? And she said
unto him: I have had no witness
save thy word, and the word of our
servants; nevertheless I believe
that it shall be according as thou
hast said.

10 And Ammon said unto her:
Blessed art thou because of thy
exceeding faith; I say unto thee,
woman, there has not been such
great faith among all the people of
the Nephites.

11 And it came to pass that she
watched over the bed of her husband, from that time even until that
time on the morrow which Ammon
had appointed that he should rise.

12 And it came to pass that he
arose, according to the words of Ammon; and as he arose, he stretched
forth his hand unto the woman,
and said: Blessed be the name of
God, and blessed art thou.

13 For as sure as thou livest, behold, I have seen my Redeemer;
and he shall come forth, and be
born of a woman, and he shall redeem all mankind who believe on
his name. Now, when he had said
these words, his heart was swollen
within him, and he sunk again with
joy; and the queen also sunk down,
being overpowered by the Spirit.

14 Now Ammon seeing the Spirit
of the Lord poured out according to
his prayers upon the Lamanites, his
brethren, who had been the cause
of so much mourning among the
Nephites, or among all the people
of God because of their iniquities
and their traditions, he fell upon
his knees, and began to pour out his
soul in prayer and thanksgiving to
God for what he had done for his
brethren; and he was also overpowered with joy; and thus they all
three had sunk to the earth.

15 Now, when the servants of the
king had seen that they had fallen,
they also began to cry unto God,
for the fear of the Lord had come
upon them also, for it was they
who had stood before the king and
testified unto him concerning the
great power of Ammon.

16 And it came to pass that they
did call on the name of the Lord, in
their might, even until they had all
fallen to the earth, save it were one
of the Lamanitish women, whose
name was Abish, she having been
converted unto the Lord for many
years, on account of a remarkable
vision of her father—

17 Thus, having been converted to
the Lord, and never having made
it known, therefore, when she saw
that all the servants of Lamoni had
fallen to the earth, and also her
mistress, the queen, and the king,
and Ammon lay prostrate upon
the earth, she knew that it was the
power of God; and supposing that
this opportunity, by making known
unto the people what had happened
among them, that by beholding this
scene it would cause them to believe in the power of God, therefore
she ran forth from house to house,
making it known unto the people.

18 And they began to assemble
themselves together unto the house

