Lamoni, by the hand, and behold
he arose and stood upon his feet.

31 And he, immediately, seeing
the contention among his people,
went forth and began to rebuke
them, and to teach them the words
which he had heard from the mouth
of Ammon; and as many as heard
his words believed, and were converted unto the Lord.

32 But there were many among
them who would not hear his words;
therefore they went their way.

33 And it came to pass that when
Ammon arose he also administered
unto them, and also did all the servants of Lamoni; and they did all
declare unto the people the selfsame
thing—that their hearts had been
changed; that they had no more
desire to do evil.

34 And behold, many did declare
unto the people that they had seen
angels and had conversed with them;
and thus they had told them things
of God, and of his righteousness.

35 And it came to pass that there
were many that did believe in their
words; and as many as did believe
were baptized; and they became a
righteous people, and they did establish a church among them.

36 And thus the work of the Lord
did commence among the Lamanites; thus the Lord did begin to pour
out his Spirit upon them; and we
see that his arm is extended to all
people who will repent and believe
on his name.

CHAPTER 20

The Lord sends Ammon to Middoni to
deliver his imprisoned brethren—Ammon
and Lamoni meet Lamoni's father,
who is king over all the land—Ammon
compels the old king to approve the
release of his brethren. About 90 B.C.

And it came to pass that when they
had established a church in that
land, that king Lamoni desired that
Ammon should go with him to the
land of Nephi, that he might show
him unto his father.

2 And the voice of the Lord came
to Ammon, saying: Thou shalt not go
up to the land of Nephi, for behold,
the king will seek thy life; but thou
shalt go to the land of Middoni; for
behold, thy brother Aaron, and also
Muloki and Ammah are in prison.

3 Now it came to pass that when
Ammon had heard this, he said unto
Lamoni: Behold, my brother and
brethren are in prison at Middoni,
and I go that I may deliver them.

4 Now Lamoni said unto Ammon:
I know, in the strength of the Lord
thou canst do all things. But behold,
I will go with thee to the land of
Middoni; for the king of the land
of Middoni, whose name is Antiomno, is a friend unto me; therefore
I go to the land of Middoni, that I
may flatter the king of the land,
and he will cast thy brethren out
of prison. Now Lamoni said unto
him: Who told thee that thy brethren were in prison?

5 And Ammon said unto him: No
one hath told me, save it be God;
and he said unto me—Go and deliver thy brethren, for they are in
prison in the land of Middoni.

6 Now when Lamoni had heard
this he caused that his servants
should make ready his horses and
his chariots.

7 And he said unto Ammon: Come,
I will go with thee down to the land
of Middoni, and there I will plead
with the king that he will cast thy
brethren out of prison.

8 And it came to pass that as Ammon and Lamoni were journeying

