
21 And it came to pass that he
caused that he should be carried
out of the land. And he came over
into the land of Gideon, and began
to preach unto them also; and here
he did not have much success, for he
was taken and bound and carried
before the high priest, and also the
chief judge over the land.

22 And it came to pass that the
high priest said unto him: Why do
ye go about perverting the ways
of the Lord? Why do ye teach this
people that there shall be no Christ,
to interrupt their rejoicings? Why
do ye speak against all the prophecies
of the holy prophets?

23 Now the high priest's name was
Giddonah. And Korihor said unto
him: Because I do not teach the
foolish traditions of your fathers,
and because I do not teach this people to bind themselves down under
the foolish ordinances and performances which are laid down by
ancient priests, to usurp power and
authority over them, to keep them
in ignorance, that they may not
lift up their heads, but be brought
down according to thy words.

24 Ye say that this people is a
free people. Behold, I say they are
in bondage. Ye say that those ancient prophecies are true. Behold,
I say that ye do not know that they
are true.

25 Ye say that this people is a guilty
and a fallen people, because of the
transgression of a parent. Behold,
I say that a child is not guilty because of its parents.

26 And ye also say that Christ
shall come. But behold, I say that
ye do not know that there shall be a
Christ. And ye say also that he shall
be slain for the sins of the world—

27 And thus ye lead away this
people after the foolish traditions
of your fathers, and according to
your own desires; and ye keep them
down, even as it were in bondage,
that ye may glut yourselves with
the labors of their hands, that they
durst not look up with boldness,
and that they durst not enjoy their
rights and privileges.

28 Yea, they durst not make use
of that which is their own lest they
should offend their priests, who do
yoke them according to their desires,
and have brought them to believe,
by their traditions and their dreams
and their whims and their visions
and their pretended mysteries,
that they should, if they did not do
according to their words, offend
some unknown being, who they
say is God—a being who never has
been seen or known, who never
was nor ever will be.

29 Now when the high priest and
the chief judge saw the hardness
of his heart, yea, when they saw
that he would revile even against
God, they would not make any reply
to his words; but they caused that
he should be bound; and they delivered him up into the hands of
the officers, and sent him to the
land of Zarahemla, that he might
be brought before Alma, and the
chief judge who was governor over
all the land.

30 And it came to pass that when
he was brought before Alma and
the chief judge, he did go on in
the same manner as he did in the
land of Gideon; yea, he went on to
blaspheme.

31 And he did rise up in great
swelling words before Alma, and
did revile against the priests and
teachers, accusing them of leading
away the people after the silly traditions of their fathers, for the sake of
glutting on the labors of the people.

32 Now Alma said unto him: Thou
knowest that we do not glut ourselves upon the labors of this people;
for behold I have labored even from

