led by a man whose name was
Zoram—and as he went forth
amongst them, behold, he was run
upon and trodden down, even until
he was dead.

60 And thus we see the end of
him who perverteth the ways of
the Lord; and thus we see that the
devil will not support his children
at the last day, but doth speedily
drag them down to hell.

CHAPTER 31

Alma heads a mission to reclaim the
apostate Zoramites—The Zoramites
deny Christ, believe in a false concept of election, and worship with set
prayers—The missionaries are filled
with the Holy Spirit—Their afflictions
are swallowed up in the joy of Christ.
About 74 B.C.

Now it came to pass that after the end
of Korihor, Alma having received
tidings that the Zoramites were perverting the ways of the Lord, and
that Zoram, who was their leader,
was leading the hearts of the people to bow down to dumb idols,
his heart again began to sicken because of the iniquity of the people.

2 For it was the cause of great sorrow to Alma to know of iniquity
among his people; therefore his
heart was exceedingly sorrowful
because of the separation of the
Zoramites from the Nephites.

3 Now the Zoramites had gathered themselves together in a land
which they called Antionum, which
was east of the land of Zarahemla,
which lay nearly bordering upon the
seashore, which was south of the land
of Jershon, which also bordered
upon the wilderness south, which
wilderness was full of the Lamanites.

4 Now the Nephites greatly feared
that the Zoramites would enter into
a correspondence with the Lamanites, and that it would be the
means of great loss on the part of
the Nephites.

5 And now, as the preaching of
the word had a great tendency to
lead the people to do that which
was just—yea, it had had more powerful effect upon the minds of the
people than the sword, or anything
else, which had happened unto
them—therefore Alma thought it
was expedient that they should try
the virtue of the word of God.

6 Therefore he took Ammon, and
Aaron, and Omner; and Himni he
did leave in the church in Zarahemla; but the former three he
took with him, and also Amulek
and Zeezrom, who were at Melek;
and he also took two of his sons.

7 Now the eldest of his sons he
took not with him, and his name
was Helaman; but the names of
those whom he took with him were
Shiblon and Corianton; and these
are the names of those who went
with him among the Zoramites, to
preach unto them the word.

8 Now the Zoramites were dissenters from the Nephites; therefore they had had the word of God
preached unto them.

9 But they had fallen into great
errors, for they would not observe
to keep the commandments of God,

