CHAPTER 32

Alma teaches the poor whose afflictions
had humbled them—Faith is a hope in
that which is not seen which is true—
Alma testifies that angels minister to
men, women, and children—
Alma compares the word unto a seed—
It must be planted and nourished—
Then it grows into a tree from which
the fruit of eternal life is picked. About 74 B.C.

And it came to pass that they did
go forth, and began to preach the
word of God unto the people, entering into their synagogues, and into
their houses; yea, and even they did
preach the word in their streets.

2 And it came to pass that after
much labor among them, they began to have success among the poor
class of people; for behold, they
were cast out of the synagogues
because of the coarseness of their
apparel—

3 Therefore they were not permitted to enter into their synagogues
to worship God, being esteemed
as filthiness; therefore they were
poor; yea, they were esteemed by
their brethren as dross; therefore
they were poor as to things of the
world; and also they were poor
in heart.

4 Now, as Alma was teaching and
speaking unto the people upon the
hill Onidah, there came a great
multitude unto him, who were
those of whom we have been speaking, of whom were poor in heart,
because of their poverty as to the
things of the world.

5 And they came unto Alma; and
the one who was the foremost among
them said unto him: Behold, what
shall these my brethren do, for they
are despised of all men because of
their poverty, yea, and more especially by our priests; for they have
cast us out of our synagogues which
we have labored abundantly to build
with our own hands; and they have
cast us out because of our exceeding poverty; and we have no place
to worship our God; and behold,
what shall we do?

6 And now when Alma heard
this, he turned him about, his face
immediately towards him, and he
beheld with great joy; for he beheld that their afflictions had
truly humbled them, and that
they were in a preparation to hear
the word.

7 Therefore he did say no more to
the other multitude; but he stretched
forth his hand, and cried unto those
whom he beheld, who were truly
penitent, and said unto them:

8 I behold that ye are lowly in
heart; and if so, blessed are ye.

9 Behold thy brother hath said,
What shall we do?—for we are cast
out of our synagogues, that we cannot worship our God.

10 Behold I say unto you, do ye
suppose that ye cannot worship
God save it be in your synagogues
only?

11 And moreover, I would ask, do
ye suppose that ye must not worship
God only once in a week?

12 I say unto you, it is well that ye
are cast out of your synagogues, that
ye may be humble, and that ye may
learn wisdom; for it is necessary
that ye should learn wisdom; for
it is because that ye are cast out,
that ye are despised of your brethren
because of your exceeding poverty,
that ye are brought to a lowliness of
heart; for ye are necessarily brought
to be humble.

