
11 Now there is not any man that
can sacrifice his own blood which
will atone for the sins of another.
Now, if a man murdereth, behold
will our law, which is just, take
the life of his brother? I say unto
you, Nay.

12 But the law requireth the life
of him who hath murdered; therefore there can be nothing which is
short of an infinite atonement which
will suffice for the sins of the world.

13 Therefore, it is expedient that
there should be a great and last
sacrifice, and then shall there be,
or it is expedient there should be,
a stop to the shedding of blood;
then shall the law of Moses be fulfilled; yea, it shall be all fulfilled,
every jot and tittle, and none shall
have passed away.

14 And behold, this is the whole
meaning of the law, every whit
pointing to that great and last sacrifice; and that great and last sacrifice
will be the Son of God, yea, infinite
and eternal.

15 And thus he shall bring salvation to all those who shall believe on his name; this being the
intent of this last sacrifice, to bring
about the bowels of mercy, which
overpowereth justice, and bringeth
about means unto men that they
may have faith unto repentance.

16 And thus mercy can satisfy
the demands of justice, and encircles them in the arms of safety,
while he that exercises no faith
unto repentance is exposed to the
whole law of the demands of justice; therefore only unto him that
has faith unto repentance is brought
about the great and eternal plan of
redemption.

17 Therefore may God grant unto
you, my brethren, that ye may begin
to exercise your faith unto repentance, that ye begin to call upon
his holy name, that he would have
mercy upon you;

18 Yea, cry unto him for mercy;
for he is mighty to save.

19 Yea, humble yourselves, and
continue in prayer unto him.

20 Cry unto him when ye are in
your fields, yea, over all your flocks.

21 Cry unto him in your houses,
yea, over all your household, both
morning, mid-day, and evening.

22 Yea, cry unto him against the
power of your enemies.

23 Yea, cry unto him against the
devil, who is an enemy to all righteousness.

24 Cry unto him over the crops
of your fields, that ye may prosper
in them.

25 Cry over the flocks of your
fields, that they may increase.

26 But this is not all; ye must
pour out your souls in your closets, and your secret places, and in
your wilderness.

27 Yea, and when you do not cry
unto the Lord, let your hearts be
full, drawn out in prayer unto him
continually for your welfare, and
also for the welfare of those who
are around you.

