their God unto the salvation of
their souls.

9 Yea, I say unto you, were it not
for these things that these records do
contain, which are on these plates,
Ammon and his brethren could not
have convinced so many thousands
of the Lamanites of the incorrect
tradition of their fathers; yea, these
records and their words brought
them unto repentance; that is, they
brought them to the knowledge of
the Lord their God, and to rejoice
in Jesus Christ their Redeemer.

10 And who knoweth but what
they will be the means of bringing
many thousands of them, yea, and
also many thousands of our stiffnecked brethren, the Nephites, who
are now hardening their hearts in
sin and iniquities, to the knowledge
of their Redeemer?

11 Now these mysteries are not yet
fully made known unto me; therefore I shall forbear.

12 And it may suffice if I only
say they are preserved for a wise
purpose, which purpose is known
unto God; for he doth counsel in
wisdom over all his works, and his
paths are straight, and his course
is one eternal round.

13 O remember, remember, my son
Helaman, how strict are the commandments of God. And he said: If
ye will keep my commandments ye
shall prosper in the land—but if
ye keep not his commandments ye
shall be cut off from his presence.

14 And now remember, my son,
that God has entrusted you with
these things, which are sacred,
which he has kept sacred, and also
which he will keep and preserve
for a wise purpose in him, that he
may show forth his power unto future generations.

15 And now behold, I tell you by
the spirit of prophecy, that if ye
transgress the commandments of
God, behold, these things which
are sacred shall be taken away from
you by the power of God, and ye
shall be delivered up unto Satan,
that he may sift you as chaff before
the wind.

16 But if ye keep the commandments of God, and do with these
things which are sacred according
to that which the Lord doth command you, (for you must appeal
unto the Lord for all things whatsoever ye must do with them) behold,
no power of earth or hell can take
them from you, for God is powerful
to the fulfilling of all his words.

17 For he will fulfil all his promises which he shall make unto you,
for he has fulfilled his promises
which he has made unto our fathers.

18 For he promised unto them that
he would preserve these things
for a wise purpose in him, that he
might show forth his power unto
future generations.

19 And now behold, one purpose
hath he fulfilled, even to the restoration of many thousands of the
Lamanites to the knowledge of
the truth; and he hath shown forth
his power in them, and he will also
still show forth his power in them
unto future generations; therefore
they shall be preserved.

20 Therefore I command you, my
son Helaman, that ye be diligent in
fulfilling all my words, and that ye
be diligent in keeping the commandments of God as they are written.

21 And now, I will speak unto

