
15 And now, my son, I would say
somewhat unto you concerning the
coming of Christ. Behold, I say unto
you, that it is he that surely shall
come to take away the sins of the
world; yea, he cometh to declare glad
tidings of salvation unto his people.

16 And now, my son, this was the
ministry unto which ye were called,
to declare these glad tidings unto
this people, to prepare their minds;
or rather that salvation might come
unto them, that they may prepare
the minds of their children to
hear the word at the time of his
coming.

17 And now I will ease your mind
somewhat on this subject. Behold,
you marvel why these things should
be known so long beforehand. Behold, I say unto you, is not a soul
at this time as precious unto God
as a soul will be at the time of his
coming?

18 Is it not as necessary that the
plan of redemption should be made
known unto this people as well as
unto their children?

19 Is it not as easy at this time for
the Lord to send his angel to declare these glad tidings unto us as
unto our children, or as after the
time of his coming?

CHAPTER 40

Christ brings to pass the resurrection
of all men—The righteous dead go to
paradise and the wicked to outer darkness
to await the day of their resurrection—
All things will be restored to
their proper and perfect frame in the
Resurrection. About 74 B.C.

Now my son, here is somewhat more
I would say unto thee; for I perceive
that thy mind is worried concerning the resurrection of the dead.

2 Behold, I say unto you, that there
is no resurrection—or, I would say,
in other words, that this mortal
does not put on immortality, this
corruption does not put on incorruption—until after the coming of
Christ.

3 Behold, he bringeth to pass the
resurrection of the dead. But behold, my son, the resurrection is not
yet. Now, I unfold unto you a mystery; nevertheless, there are many
mysteries which are kept, that no
one knoweth them save God himself. But I show unto you one thing
which I have inquired diligently
of God that I might know—that is
concerning the resurrection.

4 Behold, there is a time appointed
that all shall come forth from the
dead. Now when this time cometh
no one knows; but God knoweth the
time which is appointed.

5 Now, whether there shall be one
time, or a second time, or a third
time, that men shall come forth
from the dead, it mattereth not;
for God knoweth all these things;
and it sufficeth me to know that
this is the case—that there is a time
appointed that all shall rise from
the dead.

6 Now there must needs be a space
betwixt the time of death and the
time of the resurrection.

7 And now I would inquire what
becometh of the souls of men from
this time of death to the time appointed for the resurrection?

8 Now whether there is more than
one time appointed for men to rise
it mattereth not; for all do not die at
once, and this mattereth not; all is

