
39 And it came to pass that the
Lamanites became frightened, because of the great destruction among
them, even until they began to flee
towards the river Sidon.

40 And they were pursued by Lehi
and his men; and they were driven
by Lehi into the waters of Sidon,
and they crossed the waters of Sidon. And Lehi retained his armies
upon the bank of the river Sidon
that they should not cross.

41 And it came to pass that Moroni
and his army met the Lamanites in
the valley, on the other side of the
river Sidon, and began to fall upon
them and to slay them.

42 And the Lamanites did flee
again before them, towards the land
of Manti; and they were met again
by the armies of Moroni.

43 Now in this case the Lamanites
did fight exceedingly; yea, never
had the Lamanites been known to
fight with such exceedingly great
strength and courage, no, not even
from the beginning.

44 And they were inspired by the
Zoramites and the Amalekites, who
were their chief captains and leaders, and by Zerahemnah, who was
their chief captain, or their chief
leader and commander; yea, they did
fight like dragons, and many of the
Nephites were slain by their hands,
yea, for they did smite in two many
of their head-plates, and they did
pierce many of their breastplates,
and they did smite off many of their
arms; and thus the Lamanites did
smite in their fierce anger.

45 Nevertheless, the Nephites were
inspired by a better cause, for they
were not fighting for monarchy
nor power but they were fighting
for their homes and their liberties,
their wives and their children, and
their all, yea, for their rites of worship and their church.

46 And they were doing that which
they felt was the duty which they
owed to their God; for the Lord had
said unto them, and also unto their
fathers, that: Inasmuch as ye are
not guilty of the first offense, neither the second, ye shall not suffer
yourselves to be slain by the hands
of your enemies.

47 And again, the Lord has said
that: Ye shall defend your families
even unto bloodshed. Therefore
for this cause were the Nephites
contending with the Lamanites, to
defend themselves, and their families, and their lands, their country,
and their rights, and their religion.

48 And it came to pass that when
the men of Moroni saw the fierceness and the anger of the Lamanites,
they were about to shrink and flee
from them. And Moroni, perceiving
their intent, sent forth and inspired
their hearts with these thoughts—
yea, the thoughts of their lands,
their liberty, yea, their freedom
from bondage.

49 And it came to pass that they
turned upon the Lamanites, and
they cried with one voice unto
the Lord their God, for their liberty
and their freedom from bondage.

50 And they began to stand
against the Lamanites with power;
and in that selfsame hour that they
cried unto the Lord for their freedom, the Lamanites began to flee
before them; and they fled even to
the waters of Sidon.

51 Now, the Lamanites were more
numerous, yea, by more than
double the number of the Nephites; nevertheless, they were driven

