unto them, or which blessing God
had sent upon the face of the land
for the righteous' sake.

11 And now it came to pass that
when Moroni, who was the chief
commander of the armies of the
Nephites, had heard of these dissensions, he was angry with Amalickiah.

12 And it came to pass that he rent
his coat; and he took a piece thereof,
and wrote upon it—In memory of
our God, our religion, and freedom,
and our peace, our wives, and our
children—and he fastened it upon
the end of a pole.

13 And he fastened on his headplate, and his breastplate, and his
shields, and girded on his armor
about his loins; and he took the pole,
which had on the end thereof his
rent coat, (and he called it the title
of liberty) and he bowed himself
to the earth, and he prayed mightily unto his God for the blessings
of liberty to rest upon his brethren, so long as there should a band
of Christians remain to possess
the land—

14 For thus were all the true believers of Christ, who belonged
to the church of God, called by
those who did not belong to the
church.

15 And those who did belong to
the church were faithful; yea, all
those who were true believers in
Christ took upon them, gladly, the
name of Christ, or Christians as
they were called, because of their
belief in Christ who should come.

16 And therefore, at this time,
Moroni prayed that the cause of the
Christians, and the freedom of the
land might be favored.

17 And it came to pass that when
he had poured out his soul to God,
he named all the land which was
south of the land Desolation, yea,
and in fine, all the land, both on the
north and on the south—A chosen
land, and the land of liberty.

18 And he said: Surely God shall
not suffer that we, who are despised
because we take upon us the name
of Christ, shall be trodden down and
destroyed, until we bring it upon us
by our own transgressions.

19 And when Moroni had said
these words, he went forth among
the people, waving the rent part of
his garment in the air, that all might
see the writing which he had written upon the rent part, and crying
with a loud voice, saying:

20 Behold, whosoever will maintain this title upon the land, let
them come forth in the strength
of the Lord, and enter into a covenant that they will maintain their
rights, and their religion, that the
Lord God may bless them.

21 And it came to pass that when
Moroni had proclaimed these words,
behold, the people came running
together with their armor girded
about their loins, rending their garments in token, or as a covenant,
that they would not forsake the
Lord their God; or, in other words,
if they should transgress the commandments of God, or fall into
transgression, and be ashamed to
take upon them the name of Christ,
the Lord should rend them even as
they had rent their garments.

