desired, that he might accomplish
his designs in dethroning the king.

17 Now it was the custom among
the Lamanites, if their chief leader
was killed, to appoint the second
leader to be their chief leader.

18 And it came to pass that Amalickiah caused that one of his servants should administer poison by
degrees to Lehonti, that he died.

19 Now, when Lehonti was dead,
the Lamanites appointed Amalickiah
to be their leader and their chief
commander.

20 And it came to pass that Amalickiah marched with his armies (for
he had gained his desires) to the
land of Nephi, to the city of Nephi,
which was the chief city.

21 And the king came out to meet
him with his guards, for he supposed
that Amalickiah had fulfilled his
commands, and that Amalickiah
had gathered together so great an
army to go against the Nephites
to battle.

22 But behold, as the king came
out to meet him Amalickiah caused
that his servants should go forth to
meet the king. And they went and
bowed themselves before the king,
as if to reverence him because of
his greatness.

23 And it came to pass that the
king put forth his hand to raise
them, as was the custom with the Lamanites, as a token of peace, which
custom they had taken from the
Nephites.

24 And it came to pass that when
he had raised the first from the
ground, behold he stabbed the king
to the heart; and he fell to the earth.

25 Now the servants of the king
fled; and the servants of Amalickiah raised a cry, saying:

26 Behold, the servants of the king
have stabbed him to the heart, and
he has fallen and they have fled;
behold, come and see.

27 And it came to pass that
Amalickiah commanded that his
armies should march forth and see
what had happened to the king; and
when they had come to the spot, and
found the king lying in his gore,
Amalickiah pretended to be wroth,
and said: Whosoever loved the king,
let him go forth, and pursue his servants that they may be slain.

28 And it came to pass that all
they who loved the king, when
they heard these words, came forth
and pursued after the servants of
the king.

29 Now when the servants of the
king saw an army pursuing after
them, they were frightened again,
and fled into the wilderness, and
came over into the land of Zarahemla and joined the people of
Ammon.

30 And the army which pursued
after them returned, having pursued after them in vain; and thus
Amalickiah, by his fraud, gained
the hearts of the people.

31 And it came to pass on the morrow he entered the city Nephi with
his armies, and took possession of
the city.

32 And now it came to pass that the
queen, when she had heard that
the king was slain—for Amalickiah
had sent an embassy to the queen
informing her that the king had
been slain by his servants, that he
had pursued them with his army,
but it was in vain, and they had
made their escape—

33 Therefore, when the queen had
received this message she sent unto
Amalickiah, desiring him that he
would spare the people of the city;
and she also desired him that he
should come in unto her; and she
also desired him that he should
bring witnesses with him to testify
concerning the death of the king.

34 And it came to pass that Amalickiah took the same servant that
slew the king, and all them who

