chief judge and governor over the
people, with an oath and sacred ordinance to judge righteously, and to
keep the peace and the freedom of
the people, and to grant unto them
their sacred privileges to worship
the Lord their God, yea, to support
and maintain the cause of God all
his days, and to bring the wicked
to justice according to their crime.

40 Now behold, his name was Pahoran. And Pahoran did fill the seat
of his father, and did commence
his reign in the end of the twenty
and fourth year, over the people
of Nephi.

CHAPTER 51

The king-men seek to change the law
and set up a king—Pahoran and the
freemen are supported by the voice of
the people—Moroni compels the kingmen
to defend their country or be put
to death—Amalickiah and the Lamanites
capture many fortified cities—Teancum
repels the Lamanite invasion
and slays Amalickiah in his tent.
About 67-66 B.C.

And now it came to pass in the
commencement of the twenty and
fifth year of the reign of the judges
over the people of Nephi, they having established peace between the
people of Lehi and the people of
Morianton concerning their lands,
and having commenced the twenty
and fifth year in peace;

2 Nevertheless, they did not long
maintain an entire peace in the land,
for there began to be a contention
among the people concerning the
chief judge Pahoran; for behold,
there were a part of the people who
desired that a few particular points
of the law should be altered.

3 But behold, Pahoran would not
alter nor suffer the law to be altered;
therefore, he did not hearken to
those who had sent in their voices
with their petitions concerning the
altering of the law.

4 Therefore, those who were desirous that the law should be altered were angry with him, and
desired that he should no longer be
chief judge over the land; therefore
there arose a warm dispute concerning the matter, but not unto
bloodshed.

5 And it came to pass that those
who were desirous that Pahoran
should be dethroned from the
judgment-seat were called kingmen, for they were desirous that the
law should be altered in a manner to
overthrow the free government and
to establish a king over the land.

6 And those who were desirous
that Pahoran should remain chief
judge over the land took upon them
the name of freemen; and thus was
the division among them, for the
freemen had sworn or covenanted
to maintain their rights and the
privileges of their religion by a free
government.

7 And it came to pass that this
matter of their contention was settled by the voice of the people.
And it came to pass that the voice
of the people came in favor of the
freemen, and Pahoran retained
the judgment-seat, which caused
much rejoicing among the brethren of Pahoran and also many of
the people of liberty, who also put
the king-men to silence, that they
durst not oppose but were obliged
to maintain the cause of freedom.

8 Now those who were in favor
of kings were those of high birth,
and they sought to be kings; and
they were supported by those who
sought power and authority over
the people.

