
9 But behold, this is not all—ye
have withheld your provisions from
them, insomuch that many have
fought and led out their lives because of their great desires which
they had for the welfare of this people; yea, and this they have done
when they were about to perish with
hunger, because of your exceedingly
great neglect towards them.

10 And now, my beloved brethren—
for ye ought to be beloved; yea,
and ye ought to have stirred yourselves more diligently for the welfare and the freedom of this people;
but behold, ye have neglected them
insomuch that the blood of thousands shall come upon your heads
for vengeance; yea, for known
unto God were all their cries, and
all their sufferings—

11 Behold, could ye suppose that
ye could sit upon your thrones, and
because of the exceeding goodness
of God ye could do nothing and he
would deliver you? Behold, if ye
have supposed this ye have supposed in vain.

12 Do ye suppose that, because so
many of your brethren have been
killed it is because of their wickedness? I say unto you, if ye have supposed this ye have supposed in vain;
for I say unto you, there are many
who have fallen by the sword; and
behold it is to your condemnation;

13 For the Lord suffereth the
righteous to be slain that his justice and judgment may come upon
the wicked; therefore ye need not
suppose that the righteous are lost
because they are slain; but behold,
they do enter into the rest of the
Lord their God.

14 And now behold, I say unto
you, I fear exceedingly that the
judgments of God will come upon
this people, because of their exceeding slothfulness, yea, even the
slothfulness of our government, and
their exceedingly great neglect towards their brethren, yea, towards
those who have been slain.

15 For were it not for the wickedness which first commenced at
our head, we could have withstood
our enemies that they could have
gained no power over us.

16 Yea, had it not been for the war
which broke out among ourselves;
yea, were it not for these king-men,
who caused so much bloodshed
among ourselves; yea, at the time we
were contending among ourselves,
if we had united our strength as we
hitherto have done; yea, had it not
been for the desire of power and authority which those king-men had
over us; had they been true to the
cause of our freedom, and united
with us, and gone forth against our
enemies, instead of taking up their
swords against us, which was the
cause of so much bloodshed among
ourselves; yea, if we had gone forth
against them in the strength of the
Lord, we should have dispersed our
enemies, for it would have been
done, according to the fulfilling
of his word.

17 But behold, now the Lamanites are coming upon us, taking
possession of our lands, and they
are murdering our people with the
sword, yea, our women and our
children, and also carrying them
away captive, causing them that
they should suffer all manner of
afflictions, and this because of the
great wickedness of those who are
seeking for power and authority,
yea, even those king-men.

18 But why should I say much concerning this matter? For we know
not but what ye yourselves are seeking for authority. We know not but
what ye are also traitors to your
country.

