committing adultery, rising up in
great contentions, and deserting
away into the land of Nephi, among
the Lamanites—

13 And because of this their great
wickedness, and their boastings
in their own strength, they were
left in their own strength; therefore
they did not prosper, but were
afflicted and smitten, and driven
before the Lamanites, until they
had lost possession of almost all
their lands.

14 But behold, Moronihah did
preach many things unto the people because of their iniquity, and
also Nephi and Lehi, who were
the sons of Helaman, did preach
many things unto the people, yea,
and did prophesy many things unto
them concerning their iniquities,
and what should come unto them
if they did not repent of their sins.

15 And it came to pass that they
did repent, and inasmuch as they
did repent they did begin to prosper.

16 For when Moronihah saw that
they did repent he did venture to
lead them forth from place to place,
and from city to city, even until
they had regained the one-half of
their property and the one-half
of all their lands.

17 And thus ended the sixty and
first year of the reign of the judges.

18 And it came to pass in the sixty
and second year of the reign of the
judges, that Moronihah could obtain no more possessions over the
Lamanites.

19 Therefore they did abandon
their design to obtain the remainder of their lands, for so numerous
were the Lamanites that it became
impossible for the Nephites to obtain more power over them; therefore Moronihah did employ all his
armies in maintaining those parts
which he had taken.

20 And it came to pass, because of
the greatness of the number of the
Lamanites the Nephites were in great
fear, lest they should be overpowered, and trodden down, and slain,
and destroyed.

21 Yea, they began to remember
the prophecies of Alma, and also the
words of Mosiah; and they saw that
they had been a stiffnecked people,
and that they had set at naught the
commandments of God;

22 And that they had altered and
trampled under their feet the laws
of Mosiah, or that which the Lord
commanded him to give unto the
people; and they saw that their laws
had become corrupted, and that
they had become a wicked people,
insomuch that they were wicked
even like unto the Lamanites.

23 And because of their iniquity
the church had begun to dwindle;
and they began to disbelieve in the
spirit of prophecy and in the spirit
of revelation; and the judgments of
God did stare them in the face.

24 And they saw that they had become weak, like unto their brethren,
the Lamanites, and that the Spirit of
the Lord did no more preserve them;
yea, it had withdrawn from them
because the Spirit of the Lord doth
not dwell in unholy temples—

25 Therefore the Lord did cease to
preserve them by his miraculous and
matchless power, for they had fallen
into a state of unbelief and awful
wickedness; and they saw that the
Lamanites were exceedingly more
numerous than they, and except they
should cleave unto the Lord their
God they must unavoidably perish.

26 For behold, they saw that the
strength of the Lamanites was as

