
22 And after they had been cast
into prison many days without
food, behold, they went forth into
the prison to take them that they
might slay them.

23 And it came to pass that Nephi
and Lehi were encircled about as
if by fire, even insomuch that they
durst not lay their hands upon them
for fear lest they should be burned.
Nevertheless, Nephi and Lehi were
not burned; and they were as standing in the midst of fire and were
not burned.

24 And when they saw that they
were encircled about with a pillar
of fire, and that it burned them not,
their hearts did take courage.

25 For they saw that the Lamanites durst not lay their hands upon
them; neither durst they come near
unto them, but stood as if they were
struck dumb with amazement.

26 And it came to pass that Nephi
and Lehi did stand forth and began
to speak unto them, saying: Fear
not, for behold, it is God that has
shown unto you this marvelous
thing, in the which is shown unto
you that ye cannot lay your hands
on us to slay us.

27 And behold, when they had
said these words, the earth shook
exceedingly, and the walls of the
prison did shake as if they were
about to tumble to the earth; but
behold, they did not fall. And behold, they that were in the prison
were Lamanites and Nephites who
were dissenters.

28 And it came to pass that they
were overshadowed with a cloud
of darkness, and an awful solemn
fear came upon them.

29 And it came to pass that there
came a voice as if it were above the
cloud of darkness, saying: Repent ye,
repent ye, and seek no more to destroy my servants whom I have sent
unto you to declare good tidings.

30 And it came to pass when they
heard this voice, and beheld that
it was not a voice of thunder, neither was it a voice of a great tumultuous noise, but behold, it was
a still voice of perfect mildness,
as if it had been a whisper, and it
did pierce even to the very soul—

31 And notwithstanding the mildness of the voice, behold the earth
shook exceedingly, and the walls of
the prison trembled again, as if it
were about to tumble to the earth;
and behold the cloud of darkness,
which had overshadowed them, did
not disperse—

32 And behold the voice came
again, saying: Repent ye, repent
ye, for the kingdom of heaven is at
hand; and seek no more to destroy
my servants. And it came to pass
that the earth shook again, and the
walls trembled.

33 And also again the third time the
voice came, and did speak unto them
marvelous words which cannot be
uttered by man; and the walls did
tremble again, and the earth shook
as if it were about to divide asunder.

34 And it came to pass that the
Lamanites could not flee because
of the cloud of darkness which did
overshadow them; yea, and also they
were immovable because of the fear
which did come upon them.

35 Now there was one among them
who was a Nephite by birth, who
had once belonged to the church of
God but had dissented from them.

36 And it came to pass that he
turned him about, and behold, he
saw through the cloud of darkness
the faces of Nephi and Lehi; and behold, they did shine exceedingly,

