CHAPTER 6

The righteous Lamanites preach to the
wicked Nephites—Both peoples prosper
during an era of peace and plenty—
Lucifer, the author of sin, stirs up the
hearts of the wicked and the Gadianton
robbers in murder and wickedness—The
robbers take over the Nephite government.
About 29-23 B.C.

And it came to pass that when the
sixty and second year of the reign
of the judges had ended, all these
things had happened and the Lamanites had become, the more part
of them, a righteous people, insomuch that their righteousness did
exceed that of the Nephites, because
of their firmness and their steadiness in the faith.

2 For behold, there were many of
the Nephites who had become hardened and impenitent and grossly
wicked, insomuch that they did
reject the word of God and all the
preaching and prophesying which
did come among them.

3 Nevertheless, the people of the
church did have great joy because
of the conversion of the Lamanites, yea, because of the church of
God, which had been established
among them. And they did fellowship one with another, and did rejoice one with another, and did have
great joy.

4 And it came to pass that many
of the Lamanites did come down
into the land of Zarahemla, and
did declare unto the people of the
Nephites the manner of their conversion, and did exhort them to
faith and repentance.

5 Yea, and many did preach with
exceedingly great power and authority, unto the bringing down many
of them into the depths of humility, to be the humble followers of
God and the Lamb.

6 And it came to pass that many of
the Lamanites did go into the land
northward; and also Nephi and
Lehi went into the land northward,
to preach unto the people. And thus
ended the sixty and third year.

7 And behold, there was peace in
all the land, insomuch that the Nephites did go into whatsoever part of
the land they would, whether among
the Nephites or the Lamanites.

8 And it came to pass that the Lamanites did also go whithersoever
they would, whether it were among
the Lamanites or among the Nephites; and thus they did have free
intercourse one with another, to
buy and to sell, and to get gain,
according to their desire.

9 And it came to pass that they
became exceedingly rich, both the
Lamanites and the Nephites; and
they did have an exceeding plenty
of gold, and of silver, and of all
manner of precious metals, both in
the land south and in the land north.

10 Now the land south was called
Lehi, and the land north was called
Mulek, which was after the son of
Zedekiah; for the Lord did bring
Mulek into the land north, and Lehi
into the land south.

11 And behold, there was all manner of gold in both these lands, and
of silver, and of precious ore of every kind; and there were also curious workmen, who did work all
kinds of ore and did refine it; and
thus they did become rich.

12 They did raise grain in abundance, both in the north and in the
south; and they did flourish exceedingly, both in the north and in the

