For if ye will not repent, behold,
this great city, and also all those
great cities which are round about,
which are in the land of our possession, shall be taken away that
ye shall have no place in them; for
behold, the Lord will not grant unto
you strength, as he has hitherto
done, to withstand against your
enemies.

23 For behold, thus saith the Lord:
I will not show unto the wicked of
my strength, to one more than the
other, save it be unto those who
repent of their sins, and hearken
unto my words. Now therefore, I
would that ye should behold, my
brethren, that it shall be better for
the Lamanites than for you except
ye shall repent.

24 For behold, they are more righteous than you, for they have not
sinned against that great knowledge
which ye have received; therefore
the Lord will be merciful unto them;
yea, he will lengthen out their days
and increase their seed, even when
thou shalt be utterly destroyed except thou shalt repent.

25 Yea, wo be unto you because
of that great abomination which
has come among you; and ye have
united yourselves unto it, yea, to
that secret band which was established by Gadianton!

26 Yea, wo shall come unto you
because of that pride which ye have
suffered to enter your hearts, which
has lifted you up beyond that which
is good because of your exceedingly
great riches!

27 Yea, wo be unto you because of
your wickedness and abominations!

28 And except ye repent ye shall
perish; yea, even your lands shall
be taken from you, and ye shall be
destroyed from off the face of the
earth.

29 Behold now, I do not say that
these things shall be, of myself,
because it is not of myself that
I know these things; but behold, I
know that these things are true because the Lord God has made them
known unto me, therefore I testify
that they shall be.

CHAPTER 8

Corrupt judges seek to incite the people against Nephi—
Abraham, Moses,
Zenos, Zenock, Ezias, Isaiah, Jeremiah, Lehi, and Nephi all testified
of Christ—By inspiration Nephi announces
the murder of the chief judge.
About 23-21 B.C.

And now it came to pass that when
Nephi had said these words, behold,
there were men who were judges,
who also belonged to the secret
band of Gadianton, and they were
angry, and they cried out against
him, saying unto the people: Why
do ye not seize upon this man and
bring him forth, that he may be
condemned according to the crime
which he has done?

2 Why seest thou this man, and
hearest him revile against this people and against our law?

3 For behold, Nephi had spoken
unto them concerning the corruptness of their law; yea, many things
did Nephi speak which cannot be
written; and nothing did he speak
which was contrary to the commandments of God.

4 And those judges were angry
with him because he spake plainly
unto them concerning their secret
works of darkness; nevertheless,
they durst not lay their own hands
upon him, for they feared the people lest they should cry out against
them.

5 Therefore they did cry unto the
people, saying: Why do you suffer
this man to revile against us? For

