this people, and it surely cometh
unto this people, and nothing can
save this people save it be repentance
and faith on the Lord Jesus Christ,
who surely shall come into the
world, and shall suffer many things
and shall be slain for his people.

7 And behold, an angel of the Lord
hath declared it unto me, and he
did bring glad tidings to my soul.
And behold, I was sent unto you
to declare it unto you also, that ye
might have glad tidings; but behold
ye would not receive me.

8 Therefore, thus saith the Lord:
Because of the hardness of the
hearts of the people of the Nephites, except they repent I will take
away my word from them, and I will
withdraw my Spirit from them, and
I will suffer them no longer, and I
will turn the hearts of their brethren
against them.

9 And four hundred years shall
not pass away before I will cause
that they shall be smitten; yea, I
will visit them with the sword and
with famine and with pestilence.

10 Yea, I will visit them in my
fierce anger, and there shall be
those of the fourth generation
who shall live, of your enemies, to
behold your utter destruction; and
this shall surely come except ye repent, saith the Lord; and those of the
fourth generation shall visit your
destruction.

11 But if ye will repent and return
unto the Lord your God I will turn
away mine anger, saith the Lord;
yea, thus saith the Lord, blessed
are they who will repent and turn
unto me, but wo unto him that repenteth not.

12 Yea, wo unto this great city of
Zarahemla; for behold, it is because
of those who are righteous that it
is saved; yea, wo unto this great
city, for I perceive, saith the Lord,
that there are many, yea, even the
more part of this great city, that
will harden their hearts against
me, saith the Lord.

13 But blessed are they who will
repent, for them will I spare. But
behold, if it were not for the righteous who are in this great city, behold, I would cause that fire should
come down out of heaven and
destroy it.

14 But behold, it is for the righteous' sake that it is spared. But
behold, the time cometh, saith the
Lord, that when ye shall cast out
the righteous from among you, then
shall ye be ripe for destruction; yea,
wo be unto this great city, because
of the wickedness and abominations
which are in her.

15 Yea, and wo be unto the city
of Gideon, for the wickedness and
abominations which are in her.

16 Yea, and wo be unto all the
cities which are in the land round
about, which are possessed by the
Nephites, because of the wickedness and abominations which are
in them.

17 And behold, a curse shall
come upon the land, saith the Lord
of Hosts, because of the people's
sake who are upon the land, yea,
because of their wickedness and
their abominations.

18 And it shall come to pass, saith
the Lord of Hosts, yea, our great and
true God, that whoso shall hide
up treasures in the earth shall find
them again no more, because of the
great curse of the land, save he be
a righteous man and shall hide it
up unto the Lord.

19 For I will, saith the Lord, that
they shall hide up their treasures

