things whatsoever did belong unto
them.

2 And it came to pass that they had
not eaten up all their provisions;
therefore they did take with them
all that they had not devoured, of
all their grain of every kind, and
their gold, and their silver, and all
their precious things, and they did
return to their own lands and their
possessions, both on the north and
on the south, both on the land northward and on the land southward.

3 And they granted unto those
robbers who had entered into a
covenant to keep the peace of the
land, who were desirous to remain
Lamanites, lands, according to their
numbers, that they might have, with
their labors, wherewith to subsist
upon; and thus they did establish
peace in all the land.

4 And they began again to prosper
and to wax great; and the twenty
and sixth and seventh years passed
away, and there was great order
in the land; and they had formed
their laws according to equity and
justice.

5 And now there was nothing in
all the land to hinder the people
from prospering continually, except
they should fall into transgression.

6 And now it was Gidgiddoni, and
the judge, Lachoneus, and those
who had been appointed leaders,
who had established this great peace
in the land.

7 And it came to pass that there
were many cities built anew, and
there were many old cities repaired.

8 And there were many highways
cast up, and many roads made,
which led from city to city, and
from land to land, and from place
to place.

9 And thus passed away the twenty
and eighth year, and the people had
continual peace.

10 But it came to pass in the twenty
and ninth year there began to be
some disputings among the people;
and some were lifted up unto pride
and boastings because of their exceedingly great riches, yea, even
unto great persecutions;

11 For there were many merchants in the land, and also many
lawyers, and many officers.

12 And the people began to be
distinguished by ranks, according
to their riches and their chances
for learning; yea, some were ignorant because of their poverty, and
others did receive great learning
because of their riches.

13 Some were lifted up in pride, and
others were exceedingly humble;
some did return railing for railing,
while others would receive railing
and persecution and all manner
of afflictions, and would not turn
and revile again, but were humble
and penitent before God.

14 And thus there became a great
inequality in all the land, insomuch
that the church began to be broken
up; yea, insomuch that in the thirtieth year the church was broken up
in all the land save it were among
a few of the Lamanites who were
converted unto the true faith; and
they would not depart from it, for
they were firm, and steadfast, and
immovable, willing with all diligence to keep the commandments
of the Lord.

15 Now the cause of this iniquity
of the people was this—Satan had
great power, unto the stirring up
of the people to do all manner of
iniquity, and to the puffing them up

