
10 And behold, the city of Laman,
and the city of Josh, and the city
of Gad, and the city of Kishkumen,
have I caused to be burned with
fire, and the inhabitants thereof,
because of their wickedness in casting out the prophets, and stoning
those whom I did send to declare
unto them concerning their wickedness and their abominations.

11 And because they did cast
them all out, that there were none
righteous among them, I did send
down fire and destroy them, that
their wickedness and abominations
might be hid from before my face,
that the blood of the prophets and
the saints whom I sent among them
might not cry unto me from the
ground against them.

12 And many great destructions
have I caused to come upon this land,
and upon this people, because of
their wickedness and their abominations.

13 O all ye that are spared because
ye were more righteous than they,
will ye not now return unto me, and
repent of your sins, and be converted, that I may heal you?

14 Yea, verily I say unto you, if ye
will come unto me ye shall have
eternal life. Behold, mine arm of
mercy is extended towards you, and
whosoever will come, him will I
receive; and blessed are those who
come unto me.

15 Behold, I am Jesus Christ the
Son of God. I created the heavens
and the earth, and all things that in
them are. I was with the Father from
the beginning. I am in the Father,
and the Father in me; and in me
hath the Father glorified his name.

16 I came unto my own, and my
own received me not. And the
scriptures concerning my coming
are fulfilled.

17 And as many as have received
me, to them have I given to become
the sons of God; and even so will I
to as many as shall believe on my
name, for behold, by me redemption cometh, and in me is the law
of Moses fulfilled.

18 I am the light and the life of
the world. I am Alpha and Omega,
the beginning and the end.

19 And ye shall offer up unto me
no more the shedding of blood;
yea, your sacrifices and your burnt
offerings shall be done away, for I
will accept none of your sacrifices
and your burnt offerings.

20 And ye shall offer for a sacrifice unto me a broken heart and a
contrite spirit. And whoso cometh
unto me with a broken heart and a
contrite spirit, him will I baptize
with fire and with the Holy Ghost,
even as the Lamanites, because of
their faith in me at the time of their
conversion, were baptized with fire
and with the Holy Ghost, and they
knew it not.

21 Behold, I have come unto the
world to bring redemption unto
the world, to save the world from sin.

