did do, going forth one by one until they had all gone forth, and did
see with their eyes and did feel
with their hands, and did know of
a surety and did bear record, that
it was he, of whom it was written
by the prophets, that should come.

16 And when they had all gone
forth and had witnessed for themselves, they did cry out with one
accord, saying:

17 Hosanna! Blessed be the name
of the Most High God! And they did
fall down at the feet of Jesus, and
did worship him.

18 And it came to pass that he
spake unto Nephi (for Nephi was
among the multitude) and he commanded him that he should come
forth.

19 And Nephi arose and went forth,
and bowed himself before the Lord
and did kiss his feet.

20 And the Lord commanded him
that he should arise. And he arose
and stood before him.

21 And the Lord said unto him: I
give unto you power that ye shall
baptize this people when I am again
ascended into heaven.

22 And again the Lord called others, and said unto them likewise;
and he gave unto them power to
baptize. And he said unto them: On
this wise shall ye baptize; and there
shall be no disputations among you.

23 Verily I say unto you, that whoso
repenteth of his sins through your
words, and desireth to be baptized
in my name, on this wise shall ye
baptize them—Behold, ye shall go
down and stand in the water, and
in my name shall ye baptize them.

24 And now behold, these are the
words which ye shall say, calling
them by name, saying:

25 Having authority given me of
Jesus Christ, I baptize you in the
name of the Father, and of the Son,
and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.

26 And then shall ye immerse
them in the water, and come forth
again out of the water.

27 And after this manner shall ye
baptize in my name; for behold, verily I say unto you, that the Father,
and the Son, and the Holy Ghost are
one; and I am in the Father, and
the Father in me, and the Father
and I are one.

28 And according as I have commanded you thus shall ye baptize.
And there shall be no disputations
among you, as there have hitherto
been; neither shall there be disputations among you concerning the
points of my doctrine, as there have
hitherto been.

29 For verily, verily I say unto you,
he that hath the spirit of contention is not of me, but is of the devil,
who is the father of contention, and
he stirreth up the hearts of men
to contend with anger, one with
another.

30 Behold, this is not my doctrine,
to stir up the hearts of men with
anger, one against another; but this

