I am not come to destroy but to
fulfil;

18 For verily I say unto you, one
jot nor one tittle hath not passed
away from the law, but in me it
hath all been fulfilled.

19 And behold, I have given you
the law and the commandments
of my Father, that ye shall believe
in me, and that ye shall repent of
your sins, and come unto me with a
broken heart and a contrite spirit.
Behold, ye have the commandments before you, and the law is
fulfilled.

20 Therefore come unto me and
be ye saved; for verily I say unto
you, that except ye shall keep my
commandments, which I have commanded you at this time, ye shall
in no case enter into the kingdom
of heaven.

21 Ye have heard that it hath been
said by them of old time, and it is
also written before you, that thou
shalt not kill, and whosoever shall
kill shall be in danger of the judgment of God;

22 But I say unto you, that whosoever is angry with his brother shall
be in danger of his judgment. And
whosoever shall say to his brother,
Raca, shall be in danger of the
council; and whosoever shall say,
Thou fool, shall be in danger of
hell fire.

23 Therefore, if ye shall come
unto me, or shall desire to come
unto me, and rememberest that thy
brother hath aught against thee—

24 Go thy way unto thy brother, and
first be reconciled to thy brother,
and then come unto me with full
purpose of heart, and I will receive you.

25 Agree with thine adversary
quickly while thou art in the way
with him, lest at any time he shall
get thee, and thou shalt be cast into
prison.

26 Verily, verily, I say unto thee,
thou shalt by no means come out
thence until thou hast paid the uttermost senine. And while ye are in
prison can ye pay even one senine?
Verily, verily, I say unto you, Nay.

27 Behold, it is written by them of
old time, that thou shalt not commit adultery;

28 But I say unto you, that whosoever looketh on a woman, to lust
after her, hath committed adultery
already in his heart.

29 Behold, I give unto you a commandment, that ye suffer none
of these things to enter into your
heart;

30 For it is better that ye should
deny yourselves of these things,
wherein ye will take up your cross,
than that ye should be cast into
hell.

31 It hath been written, that whosoever shall put away his wife, let him
give her a writing of divorcement.

32 Verily, verily, I say unto you,
that whosoever shall put away his
wife, saving for the cause of fornication, causeth her to commit
adultery; and whoso shall marry
her who is divorced committeth
adultery.

33 And again it is written, thou
shalt not forswear thyself, but

