did make a full account of all the
wickedness and abominations; but
upon these plates I did forbear to
make a full account of their wickedness and abominations, for behold,
a continual scene of wickedness and
abominations has been before mine
eyes ever since I have been sufficient to behold the ways of man.

19 And wo is me because of their
wickedness; for my heart has been
filled with sorrow because of their
wickedness, all my days; nevertheless, I know that I shall be lifted
up at the last day.

20 And it came to pass that in this
year the people of Nephi again were
hunted and driven. And it came to
pass that we were driven forth until we had come northward to the
land which was called Shem.

21 And it came to pass that we did
fortify the city of Shem, and we
did gather in our people as much
as it were possible, that perhaps we
might save them from destruction.

22 And it came to pass in the three
hundred and forty and sixth year
they began to come upon us again.

23 And it came to pass that I did
speak unto my people, and did urge
them with great energy, that they
would stand boldly before the Lamanites and fight for their wives,
and their children, and their houses,
and their homes.

24 And my words did arouse them
somewhat to vigor, insomuch that
they did not flee from before the
Lamanites, but did stand with boldness against them.

25 And it came to pass that we
did contend with an army of thirty
thousand against an army of fifty
thousand. And it came to pass that
we did stand before them with such
firmness that they did flee from
before us.

26 And it came to pass that when
they had fled we did pursue them
with our armies, and did meet them
again, and did beat them; nevertheless the strength of the Lord
was not with us; yea, we were left
to ourselves, that the Spirit of the
Lord did not abide in us; therefore
we had become weak like unto our
brethren.

27 And my heart did sorrow because of this the great calamity of
my people, because of their wickedness and their abominations. But
behold, we did go forth against the
Lamanites and the robbers of Gadianton,
until we had again taken
possession of the lands of our inheritance.

28 And the three hundred and
forty and ninth year had passed
away. And in the three hundred and
fiftieth year we made a treaty with
the Lamanites and the robbers of
Gadianton, in which we did get the
lands of our inheritance divided.

29 And the Lamanites did give
unto us the land northward, yea,
even to the narrow passage which
led into the land southward. And
we did give unto the Lamanites all
the land southward.

CHAPTER 3

Mormon cries repentance unto the
Nephites—They gain a great victory and
glory in their own strength—Mormon
refuses to lead them, and his prayers
for them are without faith—The Book
of Mormon invites the twelve tribes
of Israel to believe the gospel. About
A.D. 360-62.

And it came to pass that the Lamanites did not come to battle again until ten years more had passed away.
And behold, I had employed my
people, the Nephites, in preparing
their lands and their arms against
the time of battle.

2 And it came to pass that the
Lord did say unto me: Cry unto

