repay; and because this people
repented not after I had delivered
them, behold, they shall be cut off
from the face of the earth.

16 And it came to pass that I utterly refused to go up against mine
enemies; and I did even as the Lord
had commanded me; and I did stand
as an idle witness to manifest unto
the world the things which I saw
and heard, according to the manifestations of the Spirit which had
testified of things to come.

17 Therefore I write unto you,
Gentiles, and also unto you, house
of Israel, when the work shall commence, that ye shall be about to prepare to return to the land of your
inheritance;

18 Yea, behold, I write unto all the
ends of the earth; yea, unto you,
twelve tribes of Israel, who shall be
judged according to your works by
the twelve whom Jesus chose to be
his disciples in the land of Jerusalem.

19 And I write also unto the remnant of this people, who shall also
be judged by the twelve whom
Jesus chose in this land; and they
shall be judged by the other twelve
whom Jesus chose in the land of
Jerusalem.

20 And these things doth the Spirit
manifest unto me; therefore I write
unto you all. And for this cause I
write unto you, that ye may know
that ye must all stand before the
judgment-seat of Christ, yea, every
soul who belongs to the whole human family of Adam; and ye must
stand to be judged of your works,
whether they be good or evil;

21 And also that ye may believe
the gospel of Jesus Christ, which
ye shall have among you; and also
that the Jews, the covenant people
of the Lord, shall have other witness besides him whom they saw
and heard, that Jesus, whom they
slew, was the very Christ and the
very God.

22 And I would that I could persuade all ye ends of the earth to
repent and prepare to stand before
the judgment-seat of Christ.

CHAPTER 4

War and carnage continue—The wicked
punish the wicked—Greater wickedness
prevails than ever before in all
Israel—Women and children are sacrificed to idols—
The Lamanites begin to
sweep the Nephites before them. About
A.D. 363-75.

And now it came to pass that in the
three hundred and sixty and third
year the Nephites did go up with their
armies to battle against the Lamanites, out of the land Desolation.

2 And it came to pass that the
armies of the Nephites were driven
back again to the land of Desolation.
And while they were yet weary, a
fresh army of the Lamanites did
come upon them; and they had a
sore battle, insomuch that the Lamanites did take possession of the
city Desolation, and did slay many
of the Nephites, and did take many
prisoners.

3 And the remainder did flee and
join the inhabitants of the city Teancum. Now the city Teancum lay
in the borders by the seashore; and
it was also near the city Desolation.

4 And it was because the armies
of the Nephites went up unto the
Lamanites that they began to be
smitten; for were it not for that, the

