
13 Behold, I make an end of speaking concerning this people. I am the
son of Mormon, and my father was
a descendant of Nephi.

14 And I am the same who hideth up this record unto the Lord;
the plates thereof are of no worth,
because of the commandment of
the Lord. For he truly saith that no
one shall have them to get gain;
but the record thereof is of great
worth; and whoso shall bring it to
light, him will the Lord bless.

15 For none can have power to
bring it to light save it be given him
of God; for God wills that it shall
be done with an eye single to his
glory, or the welfare of the ancient
and long dispersed covenant people
of the Lord.

16 And blessed be he that shall
bring this thing to light; for it shall
be brought out of darkness unto
light, according to the word of God;
yea, it shall be brought out of the
earth, and it shall shine forth out of
darkness, and come unto the knowledge of the people; and it shall be
done by the power of God.

17 And if there be faults they
be the faults of a man. But behold,
we know no fault; nevertheless
God knoweth all things; therefore,
he that condemneth, let him be
aware lest he shall be in danger of
hell fire.

18 And he that saith: Show unto
me, or ye shall be smitten—let him
beware lest he commandeth that
which is forbidden of the Lord.

19 For behold, the same that judgeth
rashly shall be judged rashly
again; for according to his works
shall his wages be; therefore, he
that smiteth shall be smitten again,
of the Lord.

20 Behold what the scripture
says—man shall not smite, neither
shall he judge; for judgment is
mine, saith the Lord, and vengeance
is mine also, and I will repay.

21 And he that shall breathe out
wrath and strifes against the work
of the Lord, and against the covenant people of the Lord who are
the house of Israel, and shall say: We
will destroy the work of the Lord,
and the Lord will not remember
his covenant which he hath made
unto the house of Israel—the same
is in danger to be hewn down and
cast into the fire;

22 For the eternal purposes of
the Lord shall roll on, until all his
promises shall be fulfilled.

23 Search the prophecies of Isaiah.
Behold, I cannot write them. Yea, behold I say unto you, that those saints
who have gone before me, who have
possessed this land, shall cry, yea,
even from the dust will they cry unto
the Lord; and as the Lord liveth he
will remember the covenant which
he hath made with them.

24 And he knoweth their prayers,
that they were in behalf of their
brethren. And he knoweth their
faith, for in his name could they remove mountains; and in his name
could they cause the earth to shake;
and by the power of his word did
they cause prisons to tumble to the
earth; yea, even the fiery furnace
could not harm them, neither wild

