
24 And it came to pass that the people did revile against the prophets,
and did mock them. And it came
to pass that king Shule did execute
judgment against all those who did
revile against the prophets.

25 And he did execute a law
throughout all the land, which
gave power unto the prophets that
they should go whithersoever they
would; and by this cause the people were brought unto repentance.

26 And because the people did repent of their iniquities and idolatries the Lord did spare them, and
they began to prosper again in the
land. And it came to pass that Shule
begat sons and daughters in his
old age.

27 And there were no more wars
in the days of Shule; and he remembered the great things that the Lord
had done for his fathers in bringing
them across the great deep into the
promised land; wherefore he did
execute judgment in righteousness
all his days.

CHAPTER 8

There is strife and contention over the
kingdom—Akish forms an oath-bound
secret combination to slay the king—Secret
combinations are of the devil and
result in the destruction of nations—
Modern Gentiles are warned against
the secret combination that will seek
to overthrow the freedom of all lands,
nations, and countries.

And it came to pass that he begat
Omer, and Omer reigned in his stead.
And Omer begat Jared; and Jared
begat sons and daughters.

2 And Jared rebelled against his
father, and came and dwelt in the
land of Heth. And it came to pass
that he did flatter many people, because of his cunning words, until he
had gained the half of the kingdom.

3 And when he had gained the half
of the kingdom he gave battle unto
his father, and he did carry away
his father into captivity, and did
make him serve in captivity;

4 And now, in the days of the
reign of Omer he was in captivity
the half of his days. And it came to
pass that he begat sons and daughters, among whom were Esrom and
Coriantumr;

5 And they were exceedingly angry because of the doings of Jared
their brother, insomuch that they
did raise an army and gave battle
unto Jared. And it came to pass
that they did give battle unto him
by night.

6 And it came to pass that when
they had slain the army of Jared
they were about to slay him also;
and he pled with them that they
would not slay him, and he would
give up the kingdom unto his father.
And it came to pass that they did
grant unto him his life.

7 And now Jared became exceedingly sorrowful because of the loss
of the kingdom, for he had set his
heart upon the kingdom and upon
the glory of the world.

8 Now the daughter of Jared being
exceedingly expert, and seeing the
sorrows of her father, thought to
devise a plan whereby she could redeem the kingdom unto her father.

9 Now the daughter of Jared was
exceedingly fair. And it came to pass
that she did talk with her father,
and said unto him: Whereby hath
my father so much sorrow? Hath
he not read the record which our
fathers brought across the great
deep? Behold, is there not an account concerning them of old, that
they by their secret plans did
obtain kingdoms and great glory?

10 And now, therefore, let my
father send for Akish, the son of

