which are built up to get power and
gain—and the work, yea, even the
work of destruction come upon you,
yea, even the sword of the justice of
the Eternal God shall fall upon you,
to your overthrow and destruction
if ye shall suffer these things to be.

24 Wherefore, the Lord commandeth
you, when ye shall see these
things come among you that ye
shall awake to a sense of your awful situation, because of this secret
combination which shall be among
you; or wo be unto it, because of
the blood of them who have been
slain; for they cry from the dust for
vengeance upon it, and also upon
those who built it up.

25 For it cometh to pass that whoso
buildeth it up seeketh to overthrow
the freedom of all lands, nations,
and countries; and it bringeth to
pass the destruction of all people,
for it is built up by the devil, who is
the father of all lies; even that same
liar who beguiled our first parents,
yea, even that same liar who hath
caused man to commit murder from
the beginning; who hath hardened
the hearts of men that they have
murdered the prophets, and stoned
them, and cast them out from the
beginning.

26 Wherefore, I, Moroni, am commanded to write these things that
evil may be done away, and that
the time may come that Satan may
have no power upon the hearts of
the children of men, but that they
may be persuaded to do good continually, that they may come unto
the fountain of all righteousness
and be saved.

CHAPTER 9

The kingdom passes from one to another
by descent, intrigue, and murder—
Emer saw the Son of Righteousness—
Many prophets cry repentance—A
famine and poisonous serpents plague
the people.

And now I, Moroni, proceed with
my record. Therefore, behold, it
came to pass that because of the
secret combinations of Akish and
his friends, behold, they did overthrow the kingdom of Omer.

2 Nevertheless, the Lord was merciful unto Omer, and also to his sons
and to his daughters who did not
seek his destruction.

3 And the Lord warned Omer
in a dream that he should depart
out of the land; wherefore Omer
departed out of the land with his
family, and traveled many days, and
came over and passed by the hill of
Shim, and came over by the place
where the Nephites were destroyed,
and from thence eastward, and
came to a place which was called
Ablom, by the seashore, and there
he pitched his tent, and also his
sons and his daughters, and all his
household, save it were Jared and
his family.

4 And it came to pass that Jared
was anointed king over the people,
by the hand of wickedness; and he
gave unto Akish his daughter to wife.

5 And it came to pass that Akish
sought the life of his father-in-law;
and he applied unto those whom
he had sworn by the oath of the
ancients, and they obtained the
head of his father-in-law, as he sat
upon his throne, giving audience
to his people.

6 For so great had been the spreading of this wicked and secret society
that it had corrupted the hearts of
all the people; therefore Jared was
murdered upon his throne, and
Akish reigned in his stead.

