
12 And it came to pass that they
did gather together all the people
upon all the face of the land, who
had not been slain, save it was Ether.

13 And it came to pass that Ether
did behold all the doings of the
people; and he beheld that the people who were for Coriantumr were
gathered together to the army of
Coriantumr; and the people who
were for Shiz were gathered together to the army of Shiz.

14 Wherefore, they were for the
space of four years gathering together the people, that they might
get all who were upon the face of
the land, and that they might receive all the strength which it was
possible that they could receive.

15 And it came to pass that when
they were all gathered together, every one to the army which he would,
with their wives and their children—
both men, women and children being armed with weapons of war,
having shields, and breastplates,
and head-plates, and being clothed
after the manner of war—they did
march forth one against another to
battle; and they fought all that day,
and conquered not.

16 And it came to pass that when
it was night they were weary, and
retired to their camps; and after they
had retired to their camps they took
up a howling and a lamentation for
the loss of the slain of their people;
and so great were their cries, their
howlings and lamentations, that
they did rend the air exceedingly.

17 And it came to pass that on the
morrow they did go again to battle, and great and terrible was that
day; nevertheless, they conquered
not, and when the night came again
they did rend the air with their
cries, and their howlings, and their
mournings, for the loss of the slain
of their people.

18 And it came to pass that Coriantumr
wrote again an epistle unto
Shiz, desiring that he would not
come again to battle, but that he
would take the kingdom, and spare
the lives of the people.

19 But behold, the Spirit of the
Lord had ceased striving with them,
and Satan had full power over
the hearts of the people; for they
were given up unto the hardness
of their hearts, and the blindness of
their minds that they might be destroyed; wherefore they went again
to battle.

20 And it came to pass that they
fought all that day, and when the
night came they slept upon their
swords.

21 And on the morrow they fought
even until the night came.

22 And when the night came they
were drunken with anger, even as a
man who is drunken with wine; and
they slept again upon their swords.

23 And on the morrow they fought
again; and when the night came they
had all fallen by the sword save it
were fifty and two of the people of
Coriantumr, and sixty and nine of
the people of Shiz.

24 And it came to pass that they
slept upon their swords that night,
and on the morrow they fought
again, and they contended in their
might with their swords and with
their shields, all that day.

25 And when the night came there
were thirty and two of the people
of Shiz, and twenty and seven of
the people of Coriantumr.

26 And it came to pass that they
ate and slept, and prepared for
death on the morrow. And they
were large and mighty men as to
the strength of men.

27 And it came to pass that they
fought for the space of three hours,
and they fainted with the loss of
blood.

28 And it came to pass that when

