God, and also a changeable God,
and a respecter to persons; for
how many little children have died
without baptism!

13 Wherefore, if little children
could not be saved without baptism, these must have gone to an
endless hell.

14 Behold I say unto you, that he
that supposeth that little children
need baptism is in the gall of bitterness and in the bonds of iniquity;
for he hath neither faith, hope,
nor charity; wherefore, should he
be cut off while in the thought, he
must go down to hell.

15 For awful is the wickedness to
suppose that God saveth one child
because of baptism, and the other
must perish because he hath no
baptism.

16 Wo be unto them that shall
pervert the ways of the Lord after
this manner, for they shall perish
except they repent. Behold, I speak
with boldness, having authority
from God; and I fear not what man
can do; for perfect love casteth
out all fear.

17 And I am filled with charity,
which is everlasting love; wherefore, all children are alike unto
me; wherefore, I love little children
with a perfect love; and they are all
alike and partakers of salvation.

18 For I know that God is not a
partial God, neither a changeable
being; but he is unchangeable from
all eternity to all eternity.

19 Little children cannot repent;
wherefore, it is awful wickedness to
deny the pure mercies of God unto
them, for they are all alive in him
because of his mercy.

20 And he that saith that little
children need baptism denieth
the mercies of Christ, and setteth
at naught the atonement of him
and the power of his redemption.

21 Wo unto such, for they are in
danger of death, hell, and an endless torment. I speak it boldly; God
hath commanded me. Listen unto
them and give heed, or they stand
against you at the judgment-seat
of Christ.

22 For behold that all little children are alive in Christ, and also all
they that are without the law. For
the power of redemption cometh on
all them that have no law; wherefore, he that is not condemned, or
he that is under no condemnation,
cannot repent; and unto such baptism availeth nothing—

23 But it is mockery before God,
denying the mercies of Christ, and
the power of his Holy Spirit, and
putting trust in dead works.

24 Behold, my son, this thing
ought not to be; for repentance is
unto them that are under condemnation and under the curse of a
broken law.

25 And the first fruits of repentance is baptism; and baptism
cometh by faith unto the fulfilling
the commandments; and the fulfilling the commandments bringeth
remission of sins;

26 And the remission of sins
bringeth meekness, and lowliness
of heart; and because of meekness
and lowliness of heart cometh the

