visitation of the Holy Ghost, which
Comforter filleth with hope and
perfect love, which love endureth
by diligence unto prayer, until the
end shall come, when all the saints
shall dwell with God.

27 Behold, my son, I will write
unto you again if I go not out soon
against the Lamanites. Behold, the
pride of this nation, or the people
of the Nephites, hath proven their
destruction except they should
repent.

28 Pray for them, my son, that
repentance may come unto them.
But behold, I fear lest the Spirit
hath ceased striving with them;
and in this part of the land they
are also seeking to put down all
power and authority which cometh
from God; and they are denying
the Holy Ghost.

29 And after rejecting so great a
knowledge, my son, they must perish soon, unto the fulfilling of the
prophecies which were spoken by
the prophets, as well as the words
of our Savior himself.

30 Farewell, my son, until I shall
write unto you, or shall meet you
again. Amen.



The second epistle of Mormon to
his son Moroni.
Comprising chapter 9.

CHAPTER 9

Both the Nephites and the Lamanites
are depraved and degenerate—They torture
and murder each other—Mormon
prays that grace and goodness may rest
upon Moroni forever. About A.D. 401.

My beloved son, I write unto you
again that ye may know that I am
yet alive; but I write somewhat of
that which is grievous.

2 For behold, I have had a sore battle with the Lamanites, in which we
did not conquer; and Archeantus has
fallen by the sword, and also Luram
and Emron; yea, and we have lost
a great number of our choice men.

3 And now behold, my son, I fear
lest the Lamanites shall destroy this
people; for they do not repent, and
Satan stirreth them up continually
to anger one with another.

4 Behold, I am laboring with them
continually; and when I speak the
word of God with sharpness they
tremble and anger against me; and
when I use no sharpness they harden
their hearts against it; wherefore, I fear lest the Spirit of the Lord
hath ceased striving with them.

5 For so exceedingly do they anger
that it seemeth me that they have
no fear of death; and they have lost
their love, one towards another; and
they thirst after blood and revenge
continually.

6 And now, my beloved son, notwithstanding their hardness, let us
labor diligently; for if we should
cease to labor, we should be brought
under condemnation; for we have a
labor to perform whilst in this tabernacle
of clay, that we may conquer
the enemy of all righteousness, and
rest our souls in the kingdom of God.

7 And now I write somewhat concerning the sufferings of this people.

