For according to the knowledge
which I have received from Amoron,
behold, the Lamanites have many
prisoners, which they took from the
tower of Sherrizah; and there were
men, women, and children.

8 And the husbands and fathers
of those women and children they
have slain; and they feed the women
upon the flesh of their husbands,
and the children upon the flesh of
their fathers; and no water, save a
little, do they give unto them.

9 And notwithstanding this great
abomination of the Lamanites, it
doth not exceed that of our people
in Moriantum. For behold, many of
the daughters of the Lamanites have
they taken prisoners; and after depriving them of that which was most
dear and precious above all things,
which is chastity and virtue—

10 And after they had done this
thing, they did murder them in a
most cruel manner, torturing their
bodies even unto death; and after
they have done this, they devour
their flesh like unto wild beasts,
because of the hardness of their
hearts; and they do it for a token of
bravery.

11 O my beloved son, how can a
people like this, that are without
civilization—

12 (And only a few years have
passed away, and they were a civil
and a delightsome people)

13 But O my son, how can a people like this, whose delight is in
so much abomination—

14 How can we expect that God
will stay his hand in judgment
against us?

15 Behold, my heart cries: Wo
unto this people. Come out in judgment, O God, and hide their sins,
and wickedness, and abominations
from before thy face!

16 And again, my son, there are
many widows and their daughters
who remain in Sherrizah; and that
part of the provisions which the
Lamanites did not carry away, behold, the army of Zenephi has carried away, and left them to wander
whithersoever they can for food;
and many old women do faint by
the way and die.

17 And the army which is with
me is weak; and the armies of the
Lamanites are betwixt Sherrizah
and me; and as many as have fled
to the army of Aaron have fallen
victims to their awful brutality.

18 O the depravity of my people! They are without order and
without mercy. Behold, I am but a
man, and I have but the strength
of a man, and I cannot any longer
enforce my commands.

19 And they have become strong
in their perversion; and they are
alike brutal, sparing none, neither
old nor young; and they delight in
everything save that which is good;
and the suffering of our women and
our children upon all the face of
this land doth exceed everything;
yea, tongue cannot tell, neither can
it be written.

20 And now, my son, I dwell no
longer upon this horrible scene.
Behold, thou knowest the wickedness of this people; thou knowest
that they are without principle,
and past feeling; and their wickedness doth exceed that of the
Lamanites.

21 Behold, my son, I cannot recommend them unto God lest he
should smite me.

22 But behold, my son, I recommend thee unto God, and I trust in
Christ that thou wilt be saved; and
I pray unto God that he will spare
thy life, to witness the return of his

