4 And they are one God, yea, the
very Eternal Father of heaven and
of earth.

5 And thus the flesh becoming
subject to the Spirit, or the Son to
the Father, being one God, suffereth temptation, and yieldeth not to
the temptation, but suffereth himself to be mocked, and scourged,
and cast out, and disowned by his
people.

6 And after all this, after working
many mighty miracles among the
children of men, he shall be led,
yea, even as Isaiah said, as a sheep
before the shearer is dumb, so he
opened not his mouth.

7 Yea, even so he shall be led, crucified, and slain, the flesh becoming subject even unto death, the
will of the Son being swallowed
up in the will of the Father.

8 And thus God breaketh the
bands of death, having gained the
victory over death; giving the Son
power to make intercession for the
children of men—

9 Having ascended into heaven,
having the bowels of mercy; being
filled with compassion towards the
children of men; standing betwixt
them and justice; having broken
the bands of death, taken upon
himself their iniquity and their
transgressions, having redeemed
them, and satisfied the demands of
justice.

10 And now I say unto you, who
shall declare his generation? Behold, I say unto you, that when his
soul has been made an offering
for sin he shall see his seed. And
now what say ye? And who shall
be his seed?

11 Behold I say unto you, that
whosoever has heard the words
of the prophets, yea, all the holy
prophets who have prophesied concerning the coming of the Lord—I
say unto you, that all those who have
hearkened unto their words, and believed that the Lord would redeem
his people, and have looked forward
to that day for a remission of their
sins, I say unto you, that these are
his seed, or they are the heirs of
the kingdom of God.

12 For these are they whose sins
he has borne; these are they for
whom he has died, to redeem them
from their transgressions. And now,
are they not his seed?

13 Yea, and are not the prophets, every one that has opened his
mouth to prophesy, that has not
fallen into transgression, I mean
all the holy prophets ever since the
world began? I say unto you that
they are his seed.

14 And these are they who have
published peace, who have brought
good tidings of good, who have
published salvation; and said unto
Zion: Thy God reigneth!

