among the number of their dead;
yet he was not dead, having been
wounded and left upon the ground,
so speedy was the flight of his people.

13 And they took him and bound
up his wounds, and brought him before Limhi, and said: Behold, here
is the king of the Lamanites; he
having received a wound has fallen
among their dead, and they have left
him; and behold, we have brought
him before you; and now let us
slay him.

14 But Limhi said unto them: Ye
shall not slay him, but bring him
hither that I may see him. And they
brought him. And Limhi said unto
him: What cause have ye to come
up to war against my people? Behold, my people have not broken the
oath that I made unto you; therefore, why should ye break the oath
which ye made unto my people?

15 And now the king said: I have
broken the oath because thy people did carry away the daughters of
my people; therefore, in my anger
I did cause my people to come up
to war against thy people.

16 And now Limhi had heard nothing concerning this matter; therefore he said: I will search among
my people and whosoever has done
this thing shall perish. Therefore he
caused a search to be made among
his people.

17 Now when Gideon had heard
these things, he being the king's
captain, he went forth and said
unto the king: I pray thee forbear,
and do not search this people, and
lay not this thing to their charge.

18 For do ye not remember the
priests of thy father, whom this
people sought to destroy? And are
they not in the wilderness? And are
not they the ones who have stolen
the daughters of the Lamanites?

19 And now, behold, and tell the
king of these things, that he may
tell his people that they may be
pacified towards us; for behold
they are already preparing to come
against us; and behold also there
are but few of us.

20 And behold, they come with
their numerous hosts; and except
the king doth pacify them towards
us we must perish.

21 For are not the words of Abinadi fulfilled, which he prophesied
against us—and all this because we
would not hearken unto the words
of the Lord, and turn from our iniquities?

22 And now let us pacify the king,
and we fulfil the oath which we
have made unto him; for it is better that we should be in bondage
than that we should lose our lives;
therefore, let us put a stop to the
shedding of so much blood.

23 And now Limhi told the king
all the things concerning his father,
and the priests that had fled into
the wilderness, and attributed the
carrying away of their daughters
to them.

24 And it came to pass that the
king was pacified towards his people; and he said unto them: Let us
go forth to meet my people, without
arms; and I swear unto you with an
oath that my people shall not slay
thy people.

25 And it came to pass that they
followed the king, and went forth
without arms to meet the Lamanites. And it came to pass that they
did meet the Lamanites; and the
king of the Lamanites did bow
himself down before them, and did
plead in behalf of the people of
Limhi.

26 And when the Lamanites saw
the people of Limhi, that they were
without arms, they had compassion
on them and were pacified towards
them, and returned with their king
in peace to their own land.

