to chasten his people; yea, he trieth their patience and their faith.

22 Nevertheless—whosoever putteth his trust in him the same shall
be lifted up at the last day. Yea,
and thus it was with this people.

23 For behold, I will show unto
you that they were brought into
bondage, and none could deliver
them but the Lord their God, yea,
even the God of Abraham and Isaac
and of Jacob.

24 And it came to pass that he did
deliver them, and he did show forth
his mighty power unto them, and
great were their rejoicings.

25 For behold, it came to pass that
while they were in the land of Helam, yea, in the city of Helam, while
tilling the land round about, behold
an army of the Lamanites was in
the borders of the land.

26 Now it came to pass that the
brethren of Alma fled from their
fields, and gathered themselves
together in the city of Helam; and
they were much frightened because
of the appearance of the Lamanites.

27 But Alma went forth and stood
among them, and exhorted them
that they should not be frightened,
but that they should remember the
Lord their God and he would deliver them.

28 Therefore they hushed their
fears, and began to cry unto the
Lord that he would soften the hearts
of the Lamanites, that they would
spare them, and their wives, and
their children.

29 And it came to pass that the
Lord did soften the hearts of the
Lamanites. And Alma and his brethren went forth and delivered themselves up into their hands; and the
Lamanites took possession of the
land of Helam.

30 Now the armies of the Lamanites,
which had followed after the
people of king Limhi, had been lost
in the wilderness for many days.

31 And behold, they had found
those priests of king Noah, in a
place which they called Amulon;
and they had begun to possess the
land of Amulon and had begun to
till the ground.

32 Now the name of the leader of
those priests was Amulon.

33 And it came to pass that Amulon
did plead with the Lamanites; and
he also sent forth their wives, who
were the daughters of the Lamanites, to plead with their brethren,
that they should not destroy their
husbands.

34 And the Lamanites had compassion on Amulon and his brethren,
and did not destroy them, because
of their wives.

35 And Amulon and his brethren
did join the Lamanites, and they
were traveling in the wilderness in
search of the land of Nephi when
they discovered the land of Helam,
which was possessed by Alma and
his brethren.

36 And it came to pass that the Lamanites promised unto Alma and
his brethren, that if they would show
them the way which led to the land
of Nephi that they would grant unto
them their lives and their liberty.

37 But after Alma had shown
them the way that led to the land
of Nephi the Lamanites would not
keep their promise; but they set
guards round about the land of
Helam, over Alma and his brethren.

38 And the remainder of them
went to the land of Nephi; and a
part of them returned to the land
of Helam, and also brought with
them the wives and the children
of the guards who had been left in
the land.

