desirous that they might be baptized also.

18 Therefore, Alma did go forth
into the water and did baptize
them; yea, he did baptize them after
the manner he did his brethren in
the waters of Mormon; yea, and as
many as he did baptize did belong
to the church of God; and this because of their belief on the words
of Alma.

19 And it came to pass that king
Mosiah granted unto Alma that he
might establish churches throughout all the land of Zarahemla; and
gave him power to ordain priests
and teachers over every church.

20 Now this was done because
there were so many people that they
could not all be governed by one
teacher; neither could they all hear
the word of God in one assembly;

21 Therefore they did assemble
themselves together in different
bodies, being called churches; every
church having their priests and their
teachers, and every priest preaching
the word according as it was delivered to him by the mouth of Alma.

22 And thus, notwithstanding
there being many churches they
were all one church, yea, even the
church of God; for there was nothing
preached in all the churches except
it were repentance and faith in God.

23 And now there were seven
churches in the land of Zarahemla.
And it came to pass that whosoever
were desirous to take upon them the
name of Christ, or of God, they did
join the churches of God;

24 And they were called the people
of God. And the Lord did pour out
his Spirit upon them, and they were
blessed, and prospered in the land.

CHAPTER 26

Many members of the Church are led
into sin by unbelievers—Alma is promised
eternal life—Those who repent and
are baptized gain forgiveness—Church
members in sin who repent and confess
to Alma and to the Lord will be forgiven;
otherwise, they will not be numbered
among the people of the Church. About
120-100 B.C.

Now it came to pass that there were
many of the rising generation that
could not understand the words of
king Benjamin, being little children
at the time he spake unto his people; and they did not believe the
tradition of their fathers.

2 They did not believe what had
been said concerning the resurrection of the dead, neither did they
believe concerning the coming of
Christ.

3 And now because of their unbelief they could not understand
the word of God; and their hearts
were hardened.

4 And they would not be baptized;
neither would they join the church.
And they were a separate people
as to their faith, and remained so
ever after, even in their carnal and
sinful state; for they would not call
upon the Lord their God.

5 And now in the reign of Mosiah
they were not half so numerous
as the people of God; but because of the dissensions among
the brethren they became more
numerous.

6 For it came to pass that they did
deceive many with their flattering
words, who were in the church, and
did cause them to commit many
sins; therefore it became expedient

