had done for his son, and also for
those that were with him.

22 And he caused that the priests
should assemble themselves together; and they began to fast,
and to pray to the Lord their God
that he would open the mouth of
Alma, that he might speak, and also
that his limbs might receive their
strength—that the eyes of the people
might be opened to see and know
of the goodness and glory of God.

23 And it came to pass after they
had fasted and prayed for the
space of two days and two nights,
the limbs of Alma received their
strength, and he stood up and began to speak unto them, bidding
them to be of good comfort:

24 For, said he, I have repented of
my sins, and have been redeemed
of the Lord; behold I am born of
the Spirit.

25 And the Lord said unto me: Marvel not that all mankind, yea, men
and women, all nations, kindreds,
tongues and people, must be born
again; yea, born of God, changed
from their carnal and fallen state,
to a state of righteousness, being redeemed of God, becoming his sons
and daughters;

26 And thus they become new
creatures; and unless they do this,
they can in nowise inherit the
kingdom of God.

27 I say unto you, unless this be
the case, they must be cast off; and
this I know, because I was like to
be cast off.

28 Nevertheless, after wading
through much tribulation, repenting nigh unto death, the Lord in
mercy hath seen fit to snatch me
out of an everlasting burning, and
I am born of God.

29 My soul hath been redeemed
from the gall of bitterness and
bonds of iniquity. I was in the
darkest abyss; but now I behold
the marvelous light of God. My soul
was racked with eternal torment;
but I am snatched, and my soul is
pained no more.

30 I rejected my Redeemer, and
denied that which had been spoken
of by our fathers; but now that they
may foresee that he will come, and
that he remembereth every creature of his creating, he will make
himself manifest unto all.

31 Yea, every knee shall bow, and
every tongue confess before him.
Yea, even at the last day, when all
men shall stand to be judged of
him, then shall they confess that
he is God; then shall they confess,
who live without God in the world,
that the judgment of an everlasting punishment is just upon them;
and they shall quake, and tremble,
and shrink beneath the glance of
his all-searching eye.

32 And now it came to pass that
Alma began from this time forward
to teach the people, and those who
were with Alma at the time the
angel appeared unto them, traveling round about through all the
land, publishing to all the people
the things which they had heard
and seen, and preaching the word
of God in much tribulation, being
greatly persecuted by those who
were unbelievers, being smitten by
many of them.

