exceedingly rejoiced because of the
liberty which had been granted
unto them.

40 And they did wax strong in love
towards Mosiah; yea, they did esteem
him more than any other man; for
they did not look upon him as a
tyrant who was seeking for gain, yea,
for that lucre which doth corrupt
the soul; for he had not exacted riches
of them, neither had he delighted in
the shedding of blood; but he had
established peace in the land, and
he had granted unto his people that
they should be delivered from all
manner of bondage; therefore they
did esteem him, yea, exceedingly,
beyond measure.

41 And it came to pass that they did
appoint judges to rule over them,
or to judge them according to the
law; and this they did throughout
all the land.

42 And it came to pass that Alma
was appointed to be the first chief
judge, he being also the high priest,
his father having conferred the office upon him, and having given

him the charge concerning all the
affairs of the church.

43 And now it came to pass that
Alma did walk in the ways of the
Lord, and he did keep his commandments, and he did judge righteous
judgments; and there was continual
peace through the land.

44 And thus commenced the reign
of the judges throughout all the land
of Zarahemla, among all the people who were called the Nephites;
and Alma was the first and chief
judge.

45 And now it came to pass that
his father died, being eighty and
two years old, having lived to fulfil
the commandments of God.

46 And it came to pass that Mosiah died also, in the thirty and
third year of his reign, being sixty
and three years old; making in the
whole, five hundred and nine years
from the time Lehi left Jerusalem.

47 And thus ended the reign of the
kings over the people of Nephi; and
thus ended the days of Alma, who
was the founder of their church.

THE BOOK OF ALMA

THE SON OF ALMA

The account of Alma, who was the son of Alma, the first and chief judge over
the people of Nephi, and also the high priest over the Church. An account of
the reign of the judges, and the wars and contentions among the people. And
also an account of a war between the Nephites and the Lamanites, according
to the record of Alma, the first and chief judge.

CHAPTER 1

Nehor teaches false doctrines, establishes a church, introduces priestcraft,
and slays Gideon—Nehor is executed
for his crimes—Priestcrafts and persecutions spread among the people—The
priests support themselves, the people
care for the poor, and the Church prospers. About 91-88 B.C.

