save it were skin which was girded
about their loins, and also their
armor, which was girded about
them, and their bows, and their
arrows, and their stones, and their
slings, and so forth.

6 And the skins of the Lamanites
were dark, according to the mark
which was set upon their fathers,
which was a curse upon them because of their transgression and
their rebellion against their brethren, who consisted of Nephi, Jacob,
and Joseph, and Sam, who were just
and holy men.

7 And their brethren sought to
destroy them, therefore they were
cursed; and the Lord God set a
mark upon them, yea, upon Laman
and Lemuel, and also the sons of
Ishmael, and Ishmaelitish women.

8 And this was done that their seed
might be distinguished from the
seed of their brethren, that thereby
the Lord God might preserve his
people, that they might not mix
and believe in incorrect traditions
which would prove their destruction.

9 And it came to pass that whosoever did mingle his seed with that
of the Lamanites did bring the same
curse upon his seed.

10 Therefore, whosoever suffered
himself to be led away by the Lamanites was called under that
head, and there was a mark set
upon him.

11 And it came to pass that whosoever would not believe in the tradition of the Lamanites, but believed
those records which were brought
out of the land of Jerusalem, and
also in the tradition of their fathers,
which were correct, who believed
in the commandments of God and
kept them, were called the Nephites, or the people of Nephi, from
that time forth—

12 And it is they who have kept
the records which are true of their
people, and also of the people of
the Lamanites.

13 Now we will return again to
the Amlicites, for they also had a
mark set upon them; yea, they set
the mark upon themselves, yea,
even a mark of red upon their
foreheads.

14 Thus the word of God is fulfilled, for these are the words which
he said to Nephi: Behold, the Lamanites have I cursed, and I will
set a mark on them that they and
their seed may be separated from
thee and thy seed, from this time
henceforth and forever, except they
repent of their wickedness and
turn to me that I may have mercy
upon them.

15 And again: I will set a mark
upon him that mingleth his seed
with thy brethren, that they may
be cursed also.

16 And again: I will set a mark
upon him that fighteth against thee
and thy seed.

17 And again, I say he that departeth from thee shall no more
be called thy seed; and I will bless
thee, and whomsoever shall be
called thy seed, henceforth and
forever; and these were the promises of the Lord unto Nephi and to
his seed.

18 Now the Amlicites knew not
that they were fulfilling the words
of God when they began to mark
themselves in their foreheads; nevertheless they had come out in open
rebellion against God; therefore it
was expedient that the curse should
fall upon them.

19 Now I would that ye should
see that they brought upon themselves the curse; and even so doth
every man that is cursed bring

