who can deny this? Behold, I say
unto you, whosoever denieth this
is a liar and a child of the devil.

40 For I say unto you that whatsoever is good cometh from God,
and whatsoever is evil cometh
from the devil.

41 Therefore, if a man bringeth
forth good works he hearkeneth
unto the voice of the good shepherd,
and he doth follow him; but whosoever bringeth forth evil works,
the same becometh a child of the
devil, for he hearkeneth unto his
voice, and doth follow him.

42 And whosoever doeth this must
receive his wages of him; therefore, for his wages he receiveth
death, as to things pertaining unto
righteousness, being dead unto all
good works.

43 And now, my brethren, I would
that ye should hear me, for I speak
in the energy of my soul; for behold,
I have spoken unto you plainly that
ye cannot err, or have spoken according to the commandments of God.

44 For I am called to speak after
this manner, according to the holy
order of God, which is in Christ
Jesus; yea, I am commanded to
stand and testify unto this people
the things which have been spoken by our fathers concerning the
things which are to come.

45 And this is not all. Do ye not
suppose that I know of these things
myself? Behold, I testify unto you
that I do know that these things
whereof I have spoken are true. And
how do ye suppose that I know of
their surety?

46 Behold, I say unto you they
are made known unto me by the
Holy Spirit of God. Behold, I have
fasted and prayed many days that
I might know these things of myself. And now I do know of myself
that they are true; for the Lord God
hath made them manifest unto me
by his Holy Spirit; and this is the
spirit of revelation which is in me.

47 And moreover, I say unto you
that it has thus been revealed unto
me, that the words which have been
spoken by our fathers are true, even
so according to the spirit of prophecy which is in me, which is also
by the manifestation of the Spirit
of God.

48 I say unto you, that I know of
myself that whatsoever I shall say
unto you, concerning that which
is to come, is true; and I say unto
you, that I know that Jesus Christ
shall come, yea, the Son, the Only
Begotten of the Father, full of grace,
and mercy, and truth. And behold,
it is he that cometh to take away
the sins of the world, yea, the sins
of every man who steadfastly believeth on his name.

49 And now I say unto you that
this is the order after which I am
called, yea, to preach unto my beloved brethren, yea, and every one
that dwelleth in the land; yea, to
preach unto all, both old and young,
both bond and free; yea, I say unto
you the aged, and also the middle
aged, and the rising generation; yea,
to cry unto them that they must
repent and be born again.

50 Yea, thus saith the Spirit: Repent,
all ye ends of the earth, for the
kingdom of heaven is soon at hand;
yea, the Son of God cometh in his
glory, in his might, majesty, power,

