convinced that Alma and Amulek
had a knowledge of him, for he
was convinced that they knew the
thoughts and intents of his heart;
for power was given unto them that
they might know of these things
according to the spirit of prophecy.

8 And Zeezrom began to inquire
of them diligently, that he might
know more concerning the kingdom of God. And he said unto
Alma: What does this mean which
Amulek hath spoken concerning
the resurrection of the dead, that
all shall rise from the dead, both
the just and the unjust, and are
brought to stand before God to be
judged according to their works?

9 And now Alma began to expound
these things unto him, saying: It
is given unto many to know the
mysteries of God; nevertheless
they are laid under a strict command that they shall not impart
only according to the portion of his
word which he doth grant unto the
children of men, according to the
heed and diligence which they give
unto him.

10 And therefore, he that will
harden his heart, the same receiveth the lesser portion of the word;
and he that will not harden his
heart, to him is given the greater
portion of the word, until it is given
unto him to know the mysteries of
God until he know them in full.

11 And they that will harden their
hearts, to them is given the lesser
portion of the word until they know
nothing concerning his mysteries;
and then they are taken captive by
the devil, and led by his will down
to destruction. Now this is what is
meant by the chains of hell.

12 And Amulek hath spoken
plainly concerning death, and
being raised from this mortality to
a state of immortality, and being
brought before the bar of God, to
be judged according to our works.

13 Then if our hearts have been
hardened, yea, if we have hardened
our hearts against the word, insomuch that it has not been found in
us, then will our state be awful, for
then we shall be condemned.

14 For our words will condemn us,
yea, all our works will condemn
us; we shall not be found spotless;
and our thoughts will also condemn
us; and in this awful state we shall
not dare to look up to our God;
and we would fain be glad if we
could command the rocks and the
mountains to fall upon us to hide
us from his presence.

15 But this cannot be; we must
come forth and stand before him
in his glory, and in his power, and in
his might, majesty, and dominion,
and acknowledge to our everlasting
shame that all his judgments are
just; that he is just in all his works,
and that he is merciful unto the
children of men, and that he has
all power to save every man that
believeth on his name and bringeth
forth fruit meet for repentance.

16 And now behold, I say unto you
then cometh a death, even a second
death, which is a spiritual death;

