before you; if ye will wrest them
it shall be to your own destruction.

21 And now it came to pass that
when Alma had said these words
unto them, he stretched forth his
hand unto them and cried with a
mighty voice, saying: Now is the
time to repent, for the day of salvation draweth nigh;

22 Yea, and the voice of the Lord,
by the mouth of angels, doth declare it unto all nations; yea, doth
declare it, that they may have glad
tidings of great joy; yea, and he doth
sound these glad tidings among all
his people, yea, even to them that
are scattered abroad upon the face
of the earth; wherefore they have
come unto us.

23 And they are made known unto
us in plain terms, that we may understand, that we cannot err; and
this because of our being wanderers in a strange land; therefore, we
are thus highly favored, for we have
these glad tidings declared unto us
in all parts of our vineyard.

24 For behold, angels are declaring it unto many at this time in our
land; and this is for the purpose of
preparing the hearts of the children
of men to receive his word at the
time of his coming in his glory.

25 And now we only wait to hear
the joyful news declared unto us
by the mouth of angels, of his coming; for the time cometh, we know
not how soon. Would to God that
it might be in my day; but let it be
sooner or later, in it I will rejoice.

26 And it shall be made known unto
just and holy men, by the mouth
of angels, at the time of his coming,
that the words of our fathers may
be fulfilled, according to that which
they have spoken concerning him,
which was according to the spirit
of prophecy which was in them.

27 And now, my brethren, I wish
from the inmost part of my heart,
yea, with great anxiety even unto
pain, that ye would hearken unto
my words, and cast off your sins,
and not procrastinate the day of
your repentance;

28 But that ye would humble
yourselves before the Lord, and
call on his holy name, and watch
and pray continually, that ye may
not be tempted above that which
ye can bear, and thus be led by
the Holy Spirit, becoming humble,
meek, submissive, patient, full of
love and all long-suffering;

29 Having faith on the Lord; having a hope that ye shall receive
eternal life; having the love of God
always in your hearts, that ye may
be lifted up at the last day and enter into his rest.

30 And may the Lord grant unto
you repentance, that ye may not
bring down his wrath upon you,
that ye may not be bound down
by the chains of hell, that ye may
not suffer the second death.

31 And Alma spake many more
words unto the people, which are
not written in this book.

CHAPTER 14

Alma and Amulek are imprisoned
and smitten—The believers and their
holy scriptures are burned by fire—
These martyrs are received by the Lord

