in glory—The prison walls are rent and
fall—Alma and Amulek are delivered,
and their persecutors are slain.
About 82-81 B.C.

And it came to pass after he had
made an end of speaking unto the
people many of them did believe
on his words, and began to repent,
and to search the scriptures.

2 But the more part of them were
desirous that they might destroy
Alma and Amulek; for they were
angry with Alma, because of the
plainness of his words unto Zeezrom; and they also said that Amulek
had lied unto them, and had
reviled against their law and also
against their lawyers and judges.

3 And they were also angry with
Alma and Amulek; and because
they had testified so plainly against
their wickedness, they sought to
put them away privily.

4 But it came to pass that they
did not; but they took them and
bound them with strong cords, and
took them before the chief judge
of the land.

5 And the people went forth and
witnessed against them—testifying
that they had reviled against the
law, and their lawyers and judges of
the land, and also of all the people
that were in the land; and also testified that there was but one God, and
that he should send his Son among
the people, but he should not save
them; and many such things did
the people testify against Alma and
Amulek. Now this was done before
the chief judge of the land.

6 And it came to pass that Zeezrom was astonished at the words
which had been spoken; and he also
knew concerning the blindness of
the minds, which he had caused
among the people by his lying
words; and his soul began to be
harrowed up under a consciousness of his own guilt; yea, he began
to be encircled about by the pains
of hell.

7 And it came to pass that he began to cry unto the people, saying:
Behold, I am guilty, and these men
are spotless before God. And he
began to plead for them from that
time forth; but they reviled him,
saying: Art thou also possessed with
the devil? And they spit upon him,
and cast him out from among them,
and also all those who believed in
the words which had been spoken
by Alma and Amulek; and they
cast them out, and sent men to cast
stones at them.

8 And they brought their wives
and children together, and whosoever believed or had been taught
to believe in the word of God they
caused that they should be cast
into the fire; and they also brought
forth their records which contained
the holy scriptures, and cast them
into the fire also, that they might
be burned and destroyed by fire.

9 And it came to pass that they
took Alma and Amulek, and carried
them forth to the place of martyrdom, that they might witness the
destruction of those who were consumed by fire.

10 And when Amulek saw the
pains of the women and children
who were consuming in the fire, he
also was pained; and he said unto
Alma: How can we witness this awful scene? Therefore let us stretch
forth our hands, and exercise the
power of God which is in us, and
save them from the flames.

11 But Alma said unto him: The
Spirit constraineth me that I must
not stretch forth mine hand; for
behold the Lord receiveth them up

