from his father, that there was a
Great Spirit. Notwithstanding they
believed in a Great Spirit, they supposed that whatsoever they did was
right; nevertheless, Lamoni began
to fear exceedingly, with fear lest
he had done wrong in slaying his
servants;

6 For he had slain many of them
because their brethren had scattered
their flocks at the place of water;
and thus, because they had had their
flocks scattered they were slain.

7 Now it was the practice of these
Lamanites to stand by the waters
of Sebus to scatter the flocks of the
people, that thereby they might
drive away many that were scattered unto their own land, it being
a practice of plunder among them.

8 And it came to pass that king
Lamoni inquired of his servants,
saying: Where is this man that has
such great power?

9 And they said unto him: Behold,
he is feeding thy horses. Now the
king had commanded his servants,
previous to the time of the watering of their flocks, that they should
prepare his horses and chariots,
and conduct him forth to the land
of Nephi; for there had been a
great feast appointed at the land
of Nephi, by the father of Lamoni,
who was king over all the land.

10 Now when king Lamoni heard
that Ammon was preparing his
horses and his chariots he was more
astonished, because of the faithfulness of Ammon, saying: Surely there
has not been any servant among all
my servants that has been so faithful as this man; for even he doth
remember all my commandments
to execute them.

11 Now I surely know that this is
the Great Spirit, and I would desire
him that he come in unto me, but
I durst not.

12 And it came to pass that when
Ammon had made ready the horses
and the chariots for the king and
his servants, he went in unto the
king, and he saw that the countenance of the king was changed;
therefore he was about to return
out of his presence.

13 And one of the king's servants
said unto him, Rabbanah, which
is, being interpreted, powerful or
great king, considering their kings
to be powerful; and thus he said
unto him: Rabbanah, the king desireth thee to stay.

14 Therefore Ammon turned himself unto the king, and said unto
him: What wilt thou that I should
do for thee, O king? And the king
answered him not for the space of
an hour, according to their time,
for he knew not what he should
say unto him.

15 And it came to pass that Ammon said unto him again: What
desirest thou of me? But the king
answered him not.

16 And it came to pass that Ammon, being filled with the Spirit
of God, therefore he perceived the
thoughts of the king. And he said
unto him: Is it because thou hast
heard that I defended thy servants
and thy flocks, and slew seven of
their brethren with the sling and
with the sword, and smote off the
arms of others, in order to defend thy
flocks and thy servants; behold, is
it this that causeth thy marvelings?

17 I say unto you, what is it, that
thy marvelings are so great? Behold,
I am a man, and am thy servant;
therefore, whatsoever thou desirest
which is right, that will I do.

18 Now when the king had heard

