darkness and secret combinations,
even unto destruction, except they
repent before they are fully ripe.

32 And now, my son, remember
the words which I have spoken unto
you; trust not those secret plans
unto this people, but teach them
an everlasting hatred against sin
and iniquity.

33 Preach unto them repentance,
and faith on the Lord Jesus Christ;
teach them to humble themselves
and to be meek and lowly in heart;
teach them to withstand every
temptation of the devil, with their
faith on the Lord Jesus Christ.

34 Teach them to never be weary
of good works, but to be meek and
lowly in heart; for such shall find
rest to their souls.

35 O, remember, my son, and learn
wisdom in thy youth; yea, learn
in thy youth to keep the commandments of God.

36 Yea, and cry unto God for all
thy support; yea, let all thy doings be unto the Lord, and whithersoever thou goest let it be in the
Lord; yea, let all thy thoughts be
directed unto the Lord; yea, let the
affections of thy heart be placed
upon the Lord forever.

37 Counsel with the Lord in all
thy doings, and he will direct thee
for good; yea, when thou liest down
at night lie down unto the Lord,
that he may watch over you in your
sleep; and when thou risest in the
morning let thy heart be full of
thanks unto God; and if ye do these
things, ye shall be lifted up at the
last day.

38 And now, my son, I have
somewhat to say concerning the
thing which our fathers call a ball,
or director—or our fathers called
it Liahona, which is, being interpreted, a compass; and the Lord
prepared it.

39 And behold, there cannot any
man work after the manner of so
curious a workmanship. And behold, it was prepared to show unto
our fathers the course which they
should travel in the wilderness.

40 And it did work for them
according to their faith in God;
therefore, if they had faith to believe that God could cause that
those spindles should point the
way they should go, behold, it was
done; therefore they had this miracle,
and also many other miracles
wrought by the power of God, day
by day.

41 Nevertheless, because those
miracles were worked by small
means it did show unto them marvelous works. They were slothful,
and forgot to exercise their faith
and diligence and then those marvelous works ceased, and they did
not progress in their journey;

42 Therefore, they tarried in the
wilderness, or did not travel a direct course, and were afflicted with
hunger and thirst, because of their
transgressions.

43 And now, my son, I would that
ye should understand that these
things are not without a shadow;
for as our fathers were slothful to
give heed to this compass (now
these things were temporal) they

