soul with the body, of those from
the days of Adam down to the resurrection of Christ.

19 Now, whether the souls and the
bodies of those of whom has been
spoken shall all be reunited at once,
the wicked as well as the righteous,
I do not say; let it suffice, that I say
that they all come forth; or in other
words, their resurrection cometh
to pass before the resurrection of
those who die after the resurrection of Christ.

20 Now, my son, I do not say that
their resurrection cometh at the resurrection of Christ; but behold, I give
it as my opinion, that the souls and
the bodies are reunited, of the righteous, at the resurrection of Christ,
and his ascension into heaven.

21 But whether it be at his resurrection or after, I do not say; but this
much I say, that there is a space
between death and the resurrection
of the body, and a state of the soul
in happiness or in misery until
the time which is appointed of God
that the dead shall come forth, and
be reunited, both soul and body,
and be brought to stand before
God, and be judged according to
their works.

22 Yea, this bringeth about the
restoration of those things of which
has been spoken by the mouths of
the prophets.

23 The soul shall be restored to
the body, and the body to the soul;
yea, and every limb and joint shall
be restored to its body; yea, even a
hair of the head shall not be lost;
but all things shall be restored to
their proper and perfect frame.

24 And now, my son, this is the restoration of which has been spoken
by the mouths of the prophets—

25 And then shall the righteous
shine forth in the kingdom of God.

26 But behold, an awful death
cometh upon the wicked; for they
die as to things pertaining to things
of righteousness; for they are unclean, and no unclean thing can
inherit the kingdom of God; but
they are cast out, and consigned to
partake of the fruits of their labors
or their works, which have been
evil; and they drink the dregs of a
bitter cup.

CHAPTER 41

In the Resurrection men come forth to
a state of endless happiness or endless
misery—Wickedness never was happiness—
Carnal men are without God in
the world—Every person receives again
in the Restoration the characteristics
and attributes acquired in mortality.
About 74 B.C.

And now, my son, I have somewhat
to say concerning the restoration of
which has been spoken; for behold,
some have wrested the scriptures,
and have gone far astray because
of this thing. And I perceive that
thy mind has been worried also
concerning this thing. But behold,
I will explain it unto thee.

2 I say unto thee, my son, that the
plan of restoration is requisite with
the justice of God; for it is requisite
that all things should be restored
to their proper order. Behold, it is
requisite and just, according to the
power and resurrection of Christ,

