reveals to Alma the strategy of the Lamanites—
The Nephites defend their
homes, liberties, families, and religion—The armies of Moroni and Lehi
surround the Lamanites. About 74 B.C.

And now it came to pass that the
sons of Alma did go forth among
the people, to declare the word
unto them. And Alma, also, himself,
could not rest, and he also went
forth.

2 Now we shall say no more concerning their preaching, except
that they preached the word, and
the truth, according to the spirit
of prophecy and revelation; and
they preached after the holy order
of God by which they were called.

3 And now I return to an account
of the wars between the Nephites
and the Lamanites, in the eighteenth
year of the reign of the judges.

4 For behold, it came to pass that
the Zoramites became Lamanites;
therefore, in the commencement
of the eighteenth year the people of
the Nephites saw that the Lamanites
were coming upon them; therefore
they made preparations for war;
yea, they gathered together their
armies in the land of Jershon.

5 And it came to pass that the
Lamanites came with their thousands; and they came into the land
of Antionum, which is the land of
the Zoramites; and a man by the
name of Zerahemnah was their
leader.

6 And now, as the Amalekites
were of a more wicked and murderous disposition than the Lamanites were, in and of themselves,
therefore, Zerahemnah appointed
chief captains over the Lamanites,
and they were all Amalekites and
Zoramites.

7 Now this he did that he might
preserve their hatred towards the
Nephites, that he might bring them
into subjection to the accomplishment of his designs.

8 For behold, his designs were
to stir up the Lamanites to anger
against the Nephites; this he did
that he might usurp great power
over them, and also that he might
gain power over the Nephites by
bringing them into bondage.

9 And now the design of the Nephites was to support their lands, and
their houses, and their wives,
and their children, that they might
preserve them from the hands of
their enemies; and also that they
might preserve their rights and
their privileges, yea, and also their
liberty, that they might worship
God according to their desires.

10 For they knew that if they
should fall into the hands of the
Lamanites, that whosoever should
worship God in spirit and in truth,
the true and the living God, the Lamanites would destroy.

11 Yea, and they also knew the
extreme hatred of the Lamanites
towards their brethren, who were
the people of Anti-Nephi-Lehi,
who were called the people of Ammon—
and they would not take up
arms, yea, they had entered into a
covenant and they would not break
it—therefore, if they should fall
into the hands of the Lamanites
they would be destroyed.

12 And the Nephites would not suffer that they should be destroyed;
therefore they gave them lands for
their inheritance.

