insomuch that they were gathered
together in one body in the valley,
upon the bank by the river Sidon.

52 Therefore the armies of Moroni
encircled them about, yea, even
on both sides of the river, for behold, on the east were the men of
Lehi.

53 Therefore when Zerahemnah
saw the men of Lehi on the east of
the river Sidon, and the armies of
Moroni on the west of the river Sidon, that they were encircled about
by the Nephites, they were struck
with terror.

54 Now Moroni, when he saw their
terror, commanded his men that
they should stop shedding their
blood.

CHAPTER 44

Moroni commands the Lamanites to
make a covenant of peace or be destroyed—
Zerahemnah rejects the offer,
and the battle resumes—Moroni's armies
defeat the Lamanites. About 74-73 B.C.

And it came to pass that they did
stop and withdrew a pace from
them. And Moroni said unto Zerahemnah:
Behold, Zerahemnah, that
we do not desire to be men of blood.
Ye know that ye are in our hands,
yet we do not desire to slay you.

2 Behold, we have not come out
to battle against you that we might
shed your blood for power; neither
do we desire to bring any one to
the yoke of bondage. But this is
the very cause for which ye have
come against us; yea, and ye are angry with us because of our religion.

3 But now, ye behold that the Lord
is with us; and ye behold that he
has delivered you into our hands.
And now I would that ye should
understand that this is done unto
us because of our religion and
our faith in Christ. And now ye
see that ye cannot destroy this
our faith.

4 Now ye see that this is the true
faith of God; yea, ye see that God
will support, and keep, and preserve
us, so long as we are faithful unto
him, and unto our faith, and our
religion; and never will the Lord
suffer that we shall be destroyed
except we should fall into transgression and deny our faith.

5 And now, Zerahemnah, I command you, in the name of that
all-powerful God, who has strengthened our arms that we have gained
power over you, by our faith, by
our religion, and by our rites of
worship, and by our church, and by
the sacred support which we owe
to our wives and our children, by
that liberty which binds us to our
lands and our country; yea, and also
by the maintenance of the sacred
word of God, to which we owe all
our happiness; and by all that is
most dear unto us—

6 Yea, and this is not all; I command you by all the desires which
ye have for life, that ye deliver up
your weapons of war unto us, and
we will seek not your blood, but we
will spare your lives, if ye will go
your way and come not again to
war against us.

7 And now, if ye do not this, behold, ye are in our hands, and I
will command my men that they
shall fall upon you, and inflict the
wounds of death in your bodies, that
ye may become extinct; and then
we will see who shall have power
over this people; yea, we will see
who shall be brought into bondage.

8 And now it came to pass that
when Zerahemnah had heard these
sayings he came forth and delivered
up his sword and his cimeter, and
his bow into the hands of Moroni,
and said unto him: Behold, here are

