
22 Now this was the covenant
which they made, and they cast
their garments at the feet of Moroni,
saying: We covenant with our God,
that we shall be destroyed, even as
our brethren in the land northward,
if we shall fall into transgression;
yea, he may cast us at the feet of
our enemies, even as we have cast
our garments at thy feet to be trodden under foot, if we shall fall into
transgression.

23 Moroni said unto them: Behold,
we are a remnant of the seed of Jacob; yea, we are a remnant of the
seed of Joseph, whose coat was rent
by his brethren into many pieces;
yea, and now behold, let us remember to keep the commandments of
God, or our garments shall be rent
by our brethren, and we be cast
into prison, or be sold, or be slain.

24 Yea, let us preserve our liberty
as a remnant of Joseph; yea, let us
remember the words of Jacob, before his death, for behold, he saw
that a part of the remnant of the
coat of Joseph was preserved and
had not decayed. And he said—Even
as this remnant of garment of my
son hath been preserved, so shall a
remnant of the seed of my son be
preserved by the hand of God, and
be taken unto himself, while the remainder of the seed of Joseph shall
perish, even as the remnant of his
garment.

25 Now behold, this giveth my soul
sorrow; nevertheless, my soul hath
joy in my son, because of that part
of his seed which shall be taken
unto God.

26 Now behold, this was the language of Jacob.

27 And now who knoweth but what
the remnant of the seed of Joseph,
which shall perish as his garment,
are those who have dissented from
us? Yea, and even it shall be ourselves if we do not stand fast in the
faith of Christ.

28 And now it came to pass that
when Moroni had said these words
he went forth, and also sent forth
in all the parts of the land where
there were dissensions, and gathered
together all the people who were
desirous to maintain their liberty,
to stand against Amalickiah and
those who had dissented, who were
called Amalickiahites.

29 And it came to pass that when
Amalickiah saw that the people of
Moroni were more numerous than
the Amalickiahites—and he also
saw that his people were doubtful
concerning the justice of the cause
in which they had undertaken—
therefore, fearing that he should
not gain the point, he took those of
his people who would and departed
into the land of Nephi.

30 Now Moroni thought it was not
expedient that the Lamanites should
have any more strength; therefore
he thought to cut off the people of
Amalickiah, or to take them and
bring them back, and put Amalickiah
to death; yea, for he knew that
he would stir up the Lamanites to
anger against them, and cause them
to come to battle against them;
and this he knew that Amalickiah
would do that he might obtain his
purposes.

31 Therefore Moroni thought it
was expedient that he should
take his armies, who had gathered
themselves together, and armed
themselves, and entered into a covenant to keep the peace—and it
came to pass that he took his army
and marched out with his tents into
the wilderness, to cut off the course
of Amalickiah in the wilderness.

32 And it came to pass that he did

