bring forth your weapons of war
and deliver them up, behold we
will forbear shedding your blood.

38 And it came to pass that when
the Lamanites had heard these
words, their chief captains, all those
who were not slain, came forth and
threw down their weapons of war
at the feet of Moroni, and also commanded their men that they should
do the same.

39 But behold, there were many
that would not; and those who
would not deliver up their swords
were taken and bound, and their
weapons of war were taken from
them, and they were compelled to
march with their brethren forth
into the land Bountiful.

40 And now the number of prisoners who were taken exceeded more
than the number of those who had
been slain, yea, more than those
who had been slain on both sides.

CHAPTER 53

The Lamanite prisoners are used to
fortify the city Bountiful—Dissensions
among the Nephites give rise to
Lamanite victories—Helaman takes
command of the two thousand stripling sons of the people of Ammon.
About 64-63 B.C.

And it came to pass that they did
set guards over the prisoners of the
Lamanites, and did compel them to
go forth and bury their dead, yea,
and also the dead of the Nephites
who were slain; and Moroni placed
men over them to guard them
while they should perform their
labors.

2 And Moroni went to the city of
Mulek with Lehi, and took command of the city and gave it unto
Lehi. Now behold, this Lehi was a
man who had been with Moroni in
the more part of all his battles; and
he was a man like unto Moroni,
and they rejoiced in each other's
safety; yea, they were beloved by
each other, and also beloved by all
the people of Nephi.

3 And it came to pass that after
the Lamanites had finished burying
their dead and also the dead of the
Nephites, they were marched back
into the land Bountiful; and Teancum, by the orders of Moroni, caused
that they should commence laboring
in digging a ditch round about the
land, or the city, Bountiful.

4 And he caused that they should
build a breastwork of timbers upon
the inner bank of the ditch; and they
cast up dirt out of the ditch against
the breastwork of timbers; and thus
they did cause the Lamanites to
labor until they had encircled the
city of Bountiful round about with
a strong wall of timbers and earth,
to an exceeding height.

5 And this city became an exceeding stronghold ever after; and in this
city they did guard the prisoners of
the Lamanites; yea, even within a
wall which they had caused them to
build with their own hands. Now
Moroni was compelled to cause the
Lamanites to labor, because it was
easy to guard them while at their
labor; and he desired all his forces
when he should make an attack
upon the Lamanites.

6 And it came to pass that Moroni
had thus gained a victory over one
of the greatest of the armies of the
Lamanites, and had obtained possession of the city of Mulek, which
was one of the strongest holds of
the Lamanites in the land of Nephi;
and thus he had also built a stronghold to retain his prisoners.

7 And it came to pass that he did
no more attempt a battle with the
Lamanites in that year, but he did
employ his men in preparing for
war, yea, and in making fortifications to guard against the Lamanites,
yea, and also delivering their women
and their children from famine and

