when Moroni had armed all those
prisoners; and all those things were
done in a profound silence.

18 But had they awakened the Lamanites, behold they were drunken
and the Nephites could have slain
them.

19 But behold, this was not the
desire of Moroni; he did not delight
in murder or bloodshed, but he delighted in the saving of his people
from destruction; and for this cause
he might not bring upon him injustice, he would not fall upon the
Lamanites and destroy them in their
drunkenness.

20 But he had obtained his desires;
for he had armed those prisoners of
the Nephites who were within the
wall of the city, and had given them
power to gain possession of those
parts which were within the walls.

21 And then he caused the men
who were with him to withdraw a
pace from them, and surround the
armies of the Lamanites.

22 Now behold this was done in
the night-time, so that when the
Lamanites awoke in the morning
they beheld that they were surrounded by the Nephites without,
and that their prisoners were armed
within.

23 And thus they saw that the
Nephites had power over them; and
in these circumstances they found
that it was not expedient that they
should fight with the Nephites;
therefore their chief captains demanded their weapons of war, and
they brought them forth and cast
them at the feet of the Nephites,
pleading for mercy.

24 Now behold, this was the desire
of Moroni. He took them prisoners
of war, and took possession of the
city, and caused that all the prisoners should be liberated, who were
Nephites; and they did join the
army of Moroni, and were a great
strength to his army.

25 And it came to pass that he did
cause the Lamanites, whom he had
taken prisoners, that they should
commence labor in strengthening the fortifications round about
the city Gid.

26 And it came to pass that when
he had fortified the city Gid, according to his desires, he caused
that his prisoners should be taken
to the city Bountiful; and he also
guarded that city with an exceedingly strong force.

27 And it came to pass that they
did, notwithstanding all the intrigues of the Lamanites, keep and
protect all the prisoners whom they
had taken, and also maintain all the
ground and the advantage which
they had retaken.

28 And it came to pass that the
Nephites began again to be victorious, and to reclaim their rights
and their privileges.

29 Many times did the Lamanites
attempt to encircle them about by
night, but in these attempts they
did lose many prisoners.

30 And many times did they attempt to administer of their wine
to the Nephites, that they might
destroy them with poison or with
drunkenness.

31 But behold, the Nephites were
not slow to remember the Lord
their God in this their time of affliction. They could not be taken
in their snares; yea, they would not
partake of their wine, save they had
first given to some of the Lamanite
prisoners.

32 And they were thus cautious
that no poison should be administered among them; for if their
wine would poison a Lamanite it
would also poison a Nephite; and
thus they did try all their liquors.

33 And now it came to pass that it
was expedient for Moroni to make
preparations to attack the city Morianton;
for behold, the Lamanites

