Antiparah by our force; and by delivering up the prisoners for that
city we should suppose ourselves
unwise, and that we would only deliver up our prisoners on exchange.

3 And Ammoron refused mine
epistle, for he would not exchange
prisoners; therefore we began to
make preparations to go against
the city of Antiparah.

4 But the people of Antiparah did
leave the city, and fled to their other
cities, which they had possession of,
to fortify them; and thus the city
of Antiparah fell into our hands.

5 And thus ended the twenty
and eighth year of the reign of
the judges.

6 And it came to pass that in the
commencement of the twenty and
ninth year, we received a supply
of provisions, and also an addition
to our army, from the land of Zarahemla,
and from the land round
about, to the number of six thousand men, besides sixty of the sons
of the Ammonites who had come to
join their brethren, my little band
of two thousand. And now behold,
we were strong, yea, and we had
also plenty of provisions brought
unto us.

7 And it came to pass that it was
our desire to wage a battle with the
army which was placed to protect
the city Cumeni.

8 And now behold, I will show unto
you that we soon accomplished our
desire; yea, with our strong force, or
with a part of our strong force, we
did surround, by night, the city
Cumeni, a little before they were
to receive a supply of provisions.

9 And it came to pass that we did
camp round about the city for many
nights; but we did sleep upon our
swords, and keep guards, that the
Lamanites could not come upon us
by night and slay us, which they attempted many times; but as many
times as they attempted this their
blood was spilt.

10 At length their provisions did
arrive, and they were about to enter
the city by night. And we, instead
of being Lamanites, were Nephites;
therefore, we did take them and
their provisions.

11 And notwithstanding the Lamanites being cut off from their
support after this manner, they were
still determined to maintain the
city; therefore it became expedient
that we should take those provisions
and send them to Judea, and our
prisoners to the land of Zarahemla.

12 And it came to pass that not
many days had passed away before
the Lamanites began to lose all hopes
of succor; therefore they yielded up
the city unto our hands; and thus
we had accomplished our designs
in obtaining the city Cumeni.

13 But it came to pass that our
prisoners were so numerous that,
notwithstanding the enormity of
our numbers, we were obliged to
employ all our force to keep them,
or to put them to death.

14 For behold, they would break
out in great numbers, and would
fight with stones, and with clubs,
or whatsoever thing they could get
into their hands, insomuch that we
did slay upwards of two thousand
of them after they had surrendered
themselves prisoners of war.

15 Therefore it became expedient
for us, that we should put an end
to their lives, or guard them, sword
in hand, down to the land of Zarahemla; and also our provisions were
not any more than sufficient for
our own people, notwithstanding
that which we had taken from the
Lamanites.

16 And now, in those critical circumstances, it became a very serious matter to determine concerning
these prisoners of war; nevertheless,
we did resolve to send them down
to the land of Zarahemla; therefore we selected a part of our men,
and gave them charge over our
prisoners to go down to the land of
Zarahemla.

