
21 And it came to pass that when
they had cut them off, they ran to
the city and fell upon the guards
who were left to guard the city, insomuch that they did destroy them
and did take possession of the city.

22 Now this was done because the
Lamanites did suffer their whole
army, save a few guards only, to be
led away into the wilderness.

23 And it came to pass that Gid
and Teomner by this means had
obtained possession of their strongholds. And it came to pass that we
took our course, after having traveled much in the wilderness towards
the land of Zarahemla.

24 And when the Lamanites saw
that they were marching towards
the land of Zarahemla, they were
exceedingly afraid, lest there was
a plan laid to lead them on to destruction; therefore they began to
retreat into the wilderness again,
yea, even back by the same way
which they had come.

25 And behold, it was night and
they did pitch their tents, for the
chief captains of the Lamanites
had supposed that the Nephites
were weary because of their march;
and supposing that they had driven
their whole army therefore they
took no thought concerning the
city of Manti.

26 Now it came to pass that when
it was night, I caused that my men
should not sleep, but that they
should march forward by another
way towards the land of Manti.

27 And because of this our march
in the night-time, behold, on the
morrow we were beyond the Lamanites, insomuch that we did arrive
before them at the city of Manti.

28 And thus it came to pass, that
by this stratagem we did take possession of the city of Manti without
the shedding of blood.

29 And it came to pass that when
the armies of the Lamanites did
arrive near the city, and saw that
we were prepared to meet them,
they were astonished exceedingly
and struck with great fear, insomuch that they did flee into the
wilderness.

30 Yea, and it came to pass that
the armies of the Lamanites did flee
out of all this quarter of the land.
But behold, they have carried with
them many women and children
out of the land.

31 And those cities which had
been taken by the Lamanites, all of
them are at this period of time in
our possession; and our fathers and
our women and our children are returning to their homes, all save it be
those who have been taken prisoners
and carried off by the Lamanites.

32 But behold, our armies are small
to maintain so great a number of
cities and so great possessions.

33 But behold, we trust in our God
who has given us victory over those
lands, insomuch that we have obtained those cities and those lands,
which were our own.

34 Now we do not know the cause
that the government does not grant
us more strength; neither do those
men who came up unto us know
why we have not received greater
strength.

35 Behold, we do not know but
what ye are unsuccessful, and ye
have drawn away the forces into
that quarter of the land; if so, we
do not desire to murmur.

36 And if it is not so, behold, we
fear that there is some faction in
the government, that they do not
send more men to our assistance;
for we know that they are more
numerous than that which they
have sent.

37 But, behold, it mattereth not—
we trust God will deliver us, notwithstanding the weakness of our
armies, yea, and deliver us out of
the hands of our enemies.

