
38 Behold, this is the twenty and
ninth year, in the latter end, and we
are in the possession of our lands;
and the Lamanites have fled to the
land of Nephi.

39 And those sons of the people
of Ammon, of whom I have so
highly spoken, are with me in the
city of Manti; and the Lord has supported them, yea, and kept them
from falling by the sword, insomuch that even one soul has not
been slain.

40 But behold, they have received
many wounds; nevertheless they
stand fast in that liberty wherewith God has made them free; and
they are strict to remember the Lord
their God from day to day; yea, they
do observe to keep his statutes, and
his judgments, and his commandments continually; and their faith
is strong in the prophecies concerning that which is to come.

41 And now, my beloved brother,
Moroni, may the Lord our God, who
has redeemed us and made us free,
keep you continually in his presence; yea, and may he favor this
people, even that ye may have success in obtaining the possession of
all that which the Lamanites have
taken from us, which was for our
support. And now, behold, I close
mine epistle. I am Helaman, the son
of Alma.

CHAPTER 59

Moroni asks Pahoran to strengthen the
forces of Helaman—The Lamanites
take the city of Nephihah—Moroni
is angry with the government.
About 62 B.C.

Now it came to pass in the thirtieth
year of the reign of the judges over
the people of Nephi, after Moroni
had received and had read Helaman's epistle, he was exceedingly
rejoiced because of the welfare, yea,
the exceeding success which Helaman had had, in obtaining those
lands which were lost.

2 Yea, and he did make it known
unto all his people, in all the land
round about in that part where he
was, that they might rejoice also.

3 And it came to pass that he
immediately sent an epistle to
Pahoran, desiring that he should
cause men to be gathered together
to strengthen Helaman, or the
armies of Helaman, insomuch that
he might with ease maintain
that part of the land which he had
been so miraculously prospered in
regaining.

4 And it came to pass when Moroni had sent this epistle to the
land of Zarahemla, he began again
to lay a plan that he might obtain
the remainder of those possessions
and cities which the Lamanites had
taken from them.

5 And it came to pass that while
Moroni was thus making preparations
to go against the Lamanites
to battle, behold, the people of
Nephihah, who were gathered
together from the city of Moroni
and the city of Lehi and the city
of Morianton, were attacked by the
Lamanites.

6 Yea, even those who had been
compelled to flee from the land
of Manti, and from the land round
about, had come over and joined the
Lamanites in this part of the land.

7 And thus being exceedingly numerous, yea, and receiving strength
from day to day, by the command of
Ammoron they came forth against
the people of Nephihah, and they
did begin to slay them with an exceedingly great slaughter.

8 And their armies were so numerous that the remainder of the
people of Nephihah were obliged
to flee before them; and they came
even and joined the army of Moroni.

