
9 And now as Moroni had supposed
that there should be men sent to
the city of Nephihah, to the assistance of the people to maintain that
city, and knowing that it was easier
to keep the city from falling into
the hands of the Lamanites than to
retake it from them, he supposed
that they would easily maintain
that city.

10 Therefore he retained all his
force to maintain those places which
he had recovered.

11 And now, when Moroni saw
that the city of Nephihah was lost
he was exceedingly sorrowful, and
began to doubt, because of the wickedness of the people, whether they
should not fall into the hands of
their brethren.

12 Now this was the case with all
his chief captains. They doubted
and marveled also because of the
wickedness of the people, and this
because of the success of the Lamanites over them.

13 And it came to pass that Moroni was angry with the government, because of their indifference
concerning the freedom of their
country.

CHAPTER 60

Moroni complains to Pahoran of the
government's neglect of the armies—
The Lord suffers the righteous to be
slain—The Nephites must use all of their
power and means to deliver themselves
from their enemies—Moroni threatens to fight against the government
unless help is supplied to his armies.
About 62 B.C.

And it came to pass that he wrote
again to the governor of the land,
who was Pahoran, and these are
the words which he wrote, saying:
Behold, I direct mine epistle to
Pahoran, in the city of Zarahemla,
who is the chief judge and the governor over the land, and also to all
those who have been chosen by this
people to govern and manage the
affairs of this war.

2 For behold, I have somewhat to
say unto them by the way of condemnation; for behold, ye yourselves
know that ye have been appointed
to gather together men, and arm
them with swords, and with cimeters, and all manner of weapons of
war of every kind, and send forth
against the Lamanites, in whatsoever parts they should come into
our land.

3 And now behold, I say unto you
that myself, and also my men, and
also Helaman and his men, have
suffered exceedingly great sufferings; yea, even hunger, thirst, and
fatigue, and all manner of afflictions of every kind.

4 But behold, were this all we had
suffered we would not murmur nor
complain.

5 But behold, great has been the
slaughter among our people; yea,
thousands have fallen by the sword,
while it might have otherwise been
if ye had rendered unto our armies
sufficient strength and succor for
them. Yea, great has been your neglect towards us.

6 And now behold, we desire to
know the cause of this exceedingly
great neglect; yea, we desire to
know the cause of your thoughtless state.

7 Can you think to sit upon your
thrones in a state of thoughtless
stupor, while your enemies are
spreading the work of death around
you? Yea, while they are murdering
thousands of your brethren—

8 Yea, even they who have looked
up to you for protection, yea, have
placed you in a situation that ye
might have succored them, yea,
ye might have sent armies unto
them, to have strengthened them,
and have saved thousands of them
from falling by the sword.

