out in judgment against the Lamanites, when it is the tradition of their
fathers that has caused their hatred,
yea, and it has been redoubled by
those who have dissented from us,
while your iniquity is for the cause
of your love of glory and the vain
things of the world?

33 Ye know that ye do transgress
the laws of God, and ye do know that
ye do trample them under your feet.
Behold, the Lord saith unto me: If
those whom ye have appointed your
governors do not repent of their sins
and iniquities, ye shall go up to
battle against them.

34 And now behold, I, Moroni, am
constrained, according to the covenant which I have made to keep the
commandments of my God; therefore I would that ye should adhere
to the word of God, and send speedily unto me of your provisions and
of your men, and also to Helaman.

35 And behold, if ye will not do this
I come unto you speedily; for behold,
God will not suffer that we should
perish with hunger; therefore he
will give unto us of your food,
even if it must be by the sword. Now
see that ye fulfil the word of God.

36 Behold, I am Moroni, your chief
captain. I seek not for power, but to
pull it down. I seek not for honor
of the world, but for the glory of
my God, and the freedom and welfare of my country. And thus I close
mine epistle.

CHAPTER 61

Pahoran tells Moroni of the insurrection
and rebellion against the government—
The king-men take Zarahemla and are
in league with the Lamanites—Pahoran
asks for military aid against the rebels.
About 62 B.C.

Behold, now it came to pass that
soon after Moroni had sent his
epistle unto the chief governor, he
received an epistle from Pahoran,
the chief governor. And these are
the words which he received:

2 I, Pahoran, who am the chief
governor of this land, do send these
words unto Moroni, the chief captain over the army. Behold, I say
unto you, Moroni, that I do not joy
in your great afflictions, yea, it
grieves my soul.

3 But behold, there are those who
do joy in your afflictions, yea, insomuch that they have risen up in
rebellion against me, and also those
of my people who are freemen,
yea, and those who have risen up
are exceedingly numerous.

4 And it is those who have sought
to take away the judgment-seat
from me that have been the cause
of this great iniquity; for they have
used great flattery, and they have
led away the hearts of many people, which will be the cause of
sore affliction among us; they have
withheld our provisions, and have
daunted our freemen that they
have not come unto you.

5 And behold, they have driven
me out before them, and I have
fled to the land of Gideon, with as
many men as it were possible that
I could get.

6 And behold, I have sent a proclamation throughout this part of the
land; and behold, they are flocking to us daily, to their arms, in
the defence of their country and
their freedom, and to avenge our
wrongs.

7 And they have come unto us, insomuch that those who have risen
up in rebellion against us are set at
defiance, yea, insomuch that they
do fear us and durst not come out
against us to battle.

