south. And they did multiply and
wax exceedingly strong in the land.
And they did raise many flocks and
herds, yea, many fatlings.

13 Behold their women did toil
and spin, and did make all manner
of cloth, of fine-twined linen and
cloth of every kind, to clothe their
nakedness. And thus the sixty and
fourth year did pass away in peace.

14 And in the sixty and fifth year
they did also have great joy and peace,
yea, much preaching and many
prophecies concerning that which
was to come. And thus passed away
the sixty and fifth year.

15 And it came to pass that in the
sixty and sixth year of the reign of
the judges, behold, Cezoram was
murdered by an unknown hand as
he sat upon the judgment-seat. And
it came to pass that in the same
year, that his son, who had been appointed by the people in his stead,
was also murdered. And thus ended
the sixty and sixth year.

16 And in the commencement
of the sixty and seventh year the
people began to grow exceedingly
wicked again.

17 For behold, the Lord had blessed
them so long with the riches of
the world that they had not been
stirred up to anger, to wars, nor to
bloodshed; therefore they began to
set their hearts upon their riches;
yea, they began to seek to get gain
that they might be lifted up one
above another; therefore they began
to commit secret murders, and to
rob and to plunder, that they might
get gain.

18 And now behold, those murderers and plunderers were a band who
had been formed by Kishkumen and
Gadianton. And now it had come
to pass that there were many, even
among the Nephites, of Gadianton's
band. But behold, they were more
numerous among the more wicked
part of the Lamanites. And they
were called Gadianton's robbers and
murderers.

19 And it was they who did murder the chief judge Cezoram, and
his son, while in the judgment-seat;
and behold, they were not found.

20 And now it came to pass that
when the Lamanites found that
there were robbers among them they
were exceedingly sorrowful; and
they did use every means in their
power to destroy them off the face
of the earth.

21 But behold, Satan did stir up
the hearts of the more part of the
Nephites, insomuch that they did
unite with those bands of robbers,
and did enter into their covenants
and their oaths, that they would
protect and preserve one another in
whatsoever difficult circumstances
they should be placed, that they
should not suffer for their murders,
and their plunderings, and their
stealings.

22 And it came to pass that they
did have their signs, yea, their secret signs, and their secret words;
and this that they might distinguish
a brother who had entered into the
covenant, that whatsoever wickedness his brother should do he should
not be injured by his brother, nor by
those who did belong to his band,
who had taken this covenant.

23 And thus they might murder,
and plunder, and steal, and commit
whoredoms and all manner of
wickedness, contrary to the laws
of their country and also the laws of
their God.

24 And whosoever of those who belonged to their band should reveal
unto the world of their wickedness
and their abominations, should be

