tried, not according to the laws of
their country, but according to the
laws of their wickedness, which
had been given by Gadianton and
Kishkumen.

25 Now behold, it is these secret
oaths and covenants which Alma
commanded his son should not
go forth unto the world, lest they
should be a means of bringing down
the people unto destruction.

26 Now behold, those secret oaths
and covenants did not come forth
unto Gadianton from the records
which were delivered unto Helaman;
but behold, they were put into the
heart of Gadianton by that same being who did entice our first parents
to partake of the forbidden fruit—

27 Yea, that same being who did
plot with Cain, that if he would
murder his brother Abel it should
not be known unto the world. And
he did plot with Cain and his followers from that time forth.

28 And also it is that same being
who put it into the hearts of the
people to build a tower sufficiently
high that they might get to heaven.
And it was that same being who led
on the people who came from that
tower into this land; who spread
the works of darkness and abominations over all the face of the land,
until he dragged the people down
to an entire destruction, and to an
everlasting hell.

29 Yea, it is that same being who
put it into the heart of Gadianton
to still carry on the work of darkness, and of secret murder; and he
has brought it forth from the beginning of man even down to this time.

30 And behold, it is he who is the
author of all sin. And behold, he
doth carry on his works of darkness
and secret murder, and doth hand
down their plots, and their oaths,
and their covenants, and their plans
of awful wickedness, from generation to generation according as he
can get hold upon the hearts of the
children of men.

31 And now behold, he had got
great hold upon the hearts of the
Nephites; yea, insomuch that they
had become exceedingly wicked; yea,
the more part of them had turned
out of the way of righteousness,
and did trample under their feet
the commandments of God, and did
turn unto their own ways, and
did build up unto themselves idols
of their gold and their silver.

32 And it came to pass that all
these iniquities did come unto them
in the space of not many years,
insomuch that a more part of it had
come unto them in the sixty and
seventh year of the reign of the
judges over the people of Nephi.

33 And they did grow in their iniquities in the sixty and eighth year
also, to the great sorrow and lamentation of the righteous.

34 And thus we see that the Nephites did begin to dwindle in unbelief, and grow in wickedness and
abominations, while the Lamanites
began to grow exceedingly in the
knowledge of their God; yea, they
did begin to keep his statutes and
commandments, and to walk in
truth and uprightness before him.

35 And thus we see that the Spirit
of the Lord began to withdraw
from the Nephites, because of the
wickedness and the hardness of
their hearts.

36 And thus we see that the Lord
began to pour out his Spirit upon
the Lamanites, because of their

