with pride, tempting them to seek
for power, and authority, and riches,
and the vain things of the world.

16 And thus Satan did lead away
the hearts of the people to do all
manner of iniquity; therefore they
had enjoyed peace but a few years.

17 And thus, in the commencement
of the thirtieth year—the people
having been delivered up for the
space of a long time to be carried
about by the temptations of the
devil whithersoever he desired to
carry them, and to do whatsoever
iniquity he desired they should—
and thus in the commencement of
this, the thirtieth year, they were in
a state of awful wickedness.

18 Now they did not sin ignorantly, for they knew the will of God
concerning them, for it had been
taught unto them; therefore they
did wilfully rebel against God.

19 And now it was in the days of
Lachoneus, the son of Lachoneus,
for Lachoneus did fill the seat of his
father and did govern the people
that year.

20 And there began to be men inspired from heaven and sent forth,
standing among the people in all
the land, preaching and testifying
boldly of the sins and iniquities of
the people, and testifying unto them
concerning the redemption which
the Lord would make for his people, or in other words, the resurrection of Christ; and they did testify
boldly of his death and sufferings.

21 Now there were many of the
people who were exceedingly angry because of those who testified
of these things; and those who were
angry were chiefly the chief judges,
and they who had been high priests
and lawyers; yea, all those who were
lawyers were angry with those who
testified of these things.

22 Now there was no lawyer nor
judge nor high priest that could
have power to condemn any one to
death save their condemnation was
signed by the governor of the land.

23 Now there were many of those
who testified of the things pertaining to Christ who testified boldly,
who were taken and put to death
secretly by the judges, that the
knowledge of their death came not
unto the governor of the land until
after their death.

24 Now behold, this was contrary
to the laws of the land, that any
man should be put to death except
they had power from the governor
of the land—

25 Therefore a complaint came up
unto the land of Zarahemla, to the
governor of the land, against these
judges who had condemned the
prophets of the Lord unto death,
not according to the law.

26 Now it came to pass that they
were taken and brought up before
the judge, to be judged of the crime
which they had done, according to
the law which had been given by
the people.

27 Now it came to pass that those
judges had many friends and kindreds; and the remainder, yea, even
almost all the lawyers and the high
priests, did gather themselves together, and unite with the kindreds
of those judges who were to be tried
according to the law.

28 And they did enter into a covenant one with another, yea, even
into that covenant which was given
by them of old, which covenant was
given and administered by the devil,
to combine against all righteousness.

