
11 And there was a great and terrible destruction in the land southward.

12 But behold, there was a more
great and terrible destruction in
the land northward; for behold,
the whole face of the land was
changed, because of the tempest
and the whirlwinds, and the thunderings and the lightnings, and the
exceedingly great quaking of the
whole earth;

13 And the highways were broken up, and the level roads were
spoiled, and many smooth places
became rough.

14 And many great and notable
cities were sunk, and many were
burned, and many were shaken
till the buildings thereof had fallen
to the earth, and the inhabitants
thereof were slain, and the places
were left desolate.

15 And there were some cities
which remained; but the damage
thereof was exceedingly great, and
there were many in them who were
slain.

16 And there were some who were
carried away in the whirlwind; and
whither they went no man knoweth,
save they know that they were carried away.

17 And thus the face of the whole
earth became deformed, because of
the tempests, and the thunderings,
and the lightnings, and the quaking
of the earth.

18 And behold, the rocks were
rent in twain; they were broken up
upon the face of the whole earth,
insomuch that they were found
in broken fragments, and in seams
and in cracks, upon all the face of
the land.

19 And it came to pass that when
the thunderings, and the lightnings,
and the storm, and the tempest,
and the quakings of the earth did
cease—for behold, they did last for
about the space of three hours;
and it was said by some that the
time was greater; nevertheless, all
these great and terrible things were
done in about the space of three
hours—and then behold, there was
darkness upon the face of the land.

20 And it came to pass that there
was thick darkness upon all the face
of the land, insomuch that the inhabitants thereof who had not fallen
could feel the vapor of darkness;

21 And there could be no light, because of the darkness, neither candles, neither torches; neither could
there be fire kindled with their fine
and exceedingly dry wood, so that
there could not be any light at all;

22 And there was not any light
seen, neither fire, nor glimmer, neither the sun, nor the moon, nor the
stars, for so great were the mists of
darkness which were upon the face
of the land.

23 And it came to pass that it did
last for the space of three days that
there was no light seen; and there
was great mourning and howling
and weeping among all the people
continually; yea, great were the
groanings of the people, because of
the darkness and the great destruction which had come upon them.

24 And in one place they were
heard to cry, saying: O that we had
repented before this great and
terrible day, and then would our
brethren have been spared, and
they would not have been burned
in that great city Zarahemla.

25 And in another place they were
heard to cry and mourn, saying: O
that we had repented before this
great and terrible day, and had
not killed and stoned the prophets,
and cast them out; then would our

