the Lord, and the Holy Ghost did
not come upon any, because of their
wickedness and unbelief.

15 And I, being fifteen years of
age and being somewhat of a sober mind, therefore I was visited
of the Lord, and tasted and knew
of the goodness of Jesus.

16 And I did endeavor to preach
unto this people, but my mouth
was shut, and I was forbidden that
I should preach unto them; for behold they had wilfully rebelled
against their God; and the beloved
disciples were taken away out of
the land, because of their iniquity.

17 But I did remain among them,
but I was forbidden to preach unto
them, because of the hardness of
their hearts; and because of the
hardness of their hearts the land
was cursed for their sake.

18 And these Gadianton robbers,
who were among the Lamanites, did
infest the land, insomuch that the
inhabitants thereof began to hide
up their treasures in the earth; and
they became slippery, because the
Lord had cursed the land, that they
could not hold them, nor retain
them again.

19 And it came to pass that there
were sorceries, and witchcrafts,
and magics; and the power of the
evil one was wrought upon all the
face of the land, even unto the fulfilling of all the words of Abinadi,
and also Samuel the Lamanite.

CHAPTER 2

Mormon leads the Nephite armies—
Blood and carnage sweep the land—The
Nephites lament and mourn with the
sorrowing of the damned—Their day
of grace is passed—Mormon obtains
the plates of Nephi—Wars continue.
About A.D. 327-50.

And it came to pass in that same
year there began to be a war again
between the Nephites and the Lamanites. And notwithstanding I
being young, was large in stature; therefore the people of Nephi
appointed me that I should be
their leader, or the leader of their
armies.

2 Therefore it came to pass that in
my sixteenth year I did go forth at
the head of an army of the Nephites, against the Lamanites; therefore three hundred and twenty and
six years had passed away.

3 And it came to pass that in the
three hundred and twenty and
seventh year the Lamanites did
come upon us with exceedingly
great power, insomuch that they
did frighten my armies; therefore
they would not fight, and they began to retreat towards the north
countries.

4 And it came to pass that we did
come to the city of Angola, and we
did take possession of the city, and
make preparations to defend ourselves against the Lamanites. And it
came to pass that we did fortify the
city with our might; but notwithstanding all our fortifications the
Lamanites did come upon us and
did drive us out of the city.

5 And they did also drive us forth
out of the land of David.

6 And we marched forth and came
to the land of Joshua, which was in
the borders west by the seashore.

7 And it came to pass that we did
gather in our people as fast as it were

