
20 And they fled again from before them, and they came to the
city Boaz; and there they did stand
against the Lamanites with exceeding boldness, insomuch that the Lamanites did not beat them until they
had come again the second time.

21 And when they had come the
second time, the Nephites were
driven and slaughtered with an
exceedingly great slaughter; their
women and their children were
again sacrificed unto idols.

22 And it came to pass that the
Nephites did again flee from before
them, taking all the inhabitants with
them, both in towns and villages.

23 And now I, Mormon, seeing that
the Lamanites were about to overthrow the land, therefore I did go
to the hill Shim, and did take up
all the records which Ammaron
had hid up unto the Lord.

CHAPTER 5

Mormon again leads the Nephite armies
in battles of blood and carnage—The
Book of Mormon will come forth to convince all Israel that Jesus is the Christ—
Because of their unbelief, the Lamanites will be scattered, and the Spirit will
cease to strive with them—They will receive the gospel from the Gentiles in the
latter days. About A.D. 375-84.

And it came to pass that I did go
forth among the Nephites, and did
repent of the oath which I had
made that I would no more assist
them; and they gave me command
again of their armies, for they
looked upon me as though I could
deliver them from their afflictions.

2 But behold, I was without hope,
for I knew the judgments of the Lord
which should come upon them; for
they repented not of their iniquities, but did struggle for their lives
without calling upon that Being
who created them.

3 And it came to pass that the
Lamanites did come against us as
we had fled to the city of Jordan;
but behold, they were driven back
that they did not take the city at
that time.

4 And it came to pass that they
came against us again, and we
did maintain the city. And there
were also other cities which were
maintained by the Nephites, which
strongholds did cut them off that
they could not get into the country
which lay before us, to destroy the
inhabitants of our land.

5 But it came to pass that whatsoever lands we had passed by, and
the inhabitants thereof were not
gathered in, were destroyed by the
Lamanites, and their towns, and villages, and cities were burned with
fire; and thus three hundred and
seventy and nine years passed away.

6 And it came to pass that in the
three hundred and eightieth year
the Lamanites did come again
against us to battle, and we did stand
against them boldly; but it was all in
vain, for so great were their numbers that they did tread the people
of the Nephites under their feet.

7 And it came to pass that we did
again take to flight, and those whose
flight was swifter than the Lamanites' did escape, and those whose
flight did not exceed the Lamanites'
were swept down and destroyed.

8 And now behold, I, Mormon, do
not desire to harrow up the souls of
men in casting before them such an
awful scene of blood and carnage
as was laid before mine eyes; but
I, knowing that these things must
surely be made known, and that
all things which are hid must be
revealed upon the house-tops—

9 And also that a knowledge of
these things must come unto the
remnant of these people, and also
unto the Gentiles, who the Lord

