things in worthiness, and do it in
the name of Jesus Christ, the Son
of the living God; and if ye do this,
and endure to the end, ye will in
nowise be cast out.

30 Behold, I speak unto you as
though I spake from the dead; for
I know that ye shall have my words.

31 Condemn me not because of
mine imperfection, neither my
father, because of his imperfection,
neither them who have written before him; but rather give thanks
unto God that he hath made manifest
unto you our imperfections,
that ye may learn to be more wise
than we have been.

32 And now, behold, we have written this record according to our
knowledge, in the characters which
are called among us the reformed
Egyptian, being handed down and
altered by us, according to our manner of speech.

33 And if our plates had been
sufficiently large we should have
written in Hebrew; but the Hebrew
hath been altered by us also; and if
we could have written in Hebrew,
behold, ye would have had no imperfection in our record.

34 But the Lord knoweth the things
which we have written, and also
that none other people knoweth our
language; and because that none
other people knoweth our language,
therefore he hath prepared means
for the interpretation thereof.

35 And these things are written
that we may rid our garments of
the blood of our brethren, who
have dwindled in unbelief.

36 And behold, these things which
we have desired concerning our
brethren, yea, even their restoration to the knowledge of Christ, are
according to the prayers of all the
saints who have dwelt in the land.

37 And may the Lord Jesus Christ
grant that their prayers may be
answered according to their faith;
and may God the Father remember
the covenant which he hath made
with the house of Israel; and may
he bless them forever, through faith
on the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

THE BOOK OF ETHER

The record of the Jaredites, taken from the twenty-four plates found by the
people of Limhi in the days of King Mosiah.

CHAPTER 1

Moroni abridges the writings of Ether—
Ether's genealogy is set forth—The language
of the Jaredites is not confounded
at the Tower of Babel—The Lord promises
to lead them to a choice land and
make them a great nation.

And now I, Moroni, proceed to
give an account of those ancient inhabitants who were
destroyed by the hand of the
Lord upon the face of this north
country.

2 And I take mine account from
the twenty and four plates which

