any more, for ye shall remember that
my Spirit will not always strive
with man; wherefore, if ye will sin
until ye are fully ripe ye shall be cut
off from the presence of the Lord.
And these are my thoughts upon
the land which I shall give you for
your inheritance; for it shall be a
land choice above all other lands.

16 And the Lord said: Go to work
and build, after the manner of
barges which ye have hitherto
built. And it came to pass that the
brother of Jared did go to work, and
also his brethren, and built barges
after the manner which they had
built, according to the instructions
of the Lord. And they were small,
and they were light upon the water, even like unto the lightness of
a fowl upon the water.

17 And they were built after a
manner that they were exceedingly
tight, even that they would hold water like unto a dish; and the bottom
thereof was tight like unto a dish;
and the sides thereof were tight like
unto a dish; and the ends thereof
were peaked; and the top thereof
was tight like unto a dish; and the
length thereof was the length of a
tree; and the door thereof, when
it was shut, was tight like unto
a dish.

18 And it came to pass that the
brother of Jared cried unto the Lord,
saying: O Lord, I have performed the
work which thou hast commanded
me, and I have made the barges according as thou hast directed me.

19 And behold, O Lord, in them
there is no light; whither shall we
steer? And also we shall perish, for
in them we cannot breathe, save it
is the air which is in them; therefore we shall perish.

20 And the Lord said unto the
brother of Jared: Behold, thou shalt
make a hole in the top, and also in
the bottom; and when thou shalt
suffer for air thou shalt unstop the
hole and receive air. And if it be so
that the water come in upon thee,
behold, ye shall stop the hole, that ye
may not perish in the flood.

21 And it came to pass that the
brother of Jared did so, according
as the Lord had commanded.

22 And he cried again unto the
Lord saying: O Lord, behold I have
done even as thou hast commanded
me; and I have prepared the vessels
for my people, and behold there is
no light in them. Behold, O Lord,
wilt thou suffer that we shall cross
this great water in darkness?

23 And the Lord said unto the
brother of Jared: What will ye that
I should do that ye may have light
in your vessels? For behold, ye cannot have windows, for they will be
dashed in pieces; neither shall ye
take fire with you, for ye shall not
go by the light of fire.

24 For behold, ye shall be as a
whale in the midst of the sea; for
the mountain waves shall dash upon
you. Nevertheless, I will bring you
up again out of the depths of the
sea; for the winds have gone forth
out of my mouth, and also the rains
and the floods have I sent forth.

25 And behold, I prepare you
against these things; for ye cannot
cross this great deep save I prepare
you against the waves of the sea, and
the winds which have gone forth,
and the floods which shall come.
Therefore what will ye that I should
prepare for you that ye may have
light when ye are swallowed up in
the depths of the sea?

