could not have seen my finger. Sawest thou more than this?

10 And he answered: Nay; Lord,
show thyself unto me.

11 And the Lord said unto him:
Believest thou the words which I
shall speak?

12 And he answered: Yea, Lord, I
know that thou speakest the truth,
for thou art a God of truth, and
canst not lie.

13 And when he had said these
words, behold, the Lord showed
himself unto him, and said: Because thou knowest these things ye
are redeemed from the fall; therefore ye are brought back into my
presence; therefore I show myself
unto you.

14 Behold, I am he who was prepared from the foundation of the
world to redeem my people. Behold,
I am Jesus Christ. I am the Father
and the Son. In me shall all mankind have life, and that eternally,
even they who shall believe on my
name; and they shall become my
sons and my daughters.

15 And never have I showed myself unto man whom I have created,
for never has man believed in me
as thou hast. Seest thou that ye are
created after mine own image? Yea,
even all men were created in the
beginning after mine own image.

16 Behold, this body, which ye
now behold, is the body of my
spirit; and man have I created after the body of my spirit; and even
as I appear unto thee to be in the
spirit will I appear unto my people
in the flesh.

17 And now, as I, Moroni, said I
could not make a full account of
these things which are written,
therefore it sufficeth me to say
that Jesus showed himself unto
this man in the spirit, even after
the manner and in the likeness of
the same body even as he showed
himself unto the Nephites.

18 And he ministered unto him
even as he ministered unto the
Nephites; and all this, that this man
might know that he was God, because
of the many great works which the
Lord had showed unto him.

19 And because of the knowledge
of this man he could not be kept
from beholding within the veil; and
he saw the finger of Jesus, which,
when he saw, he fell with fear; for
he knew that it was the finger of
the Lord; and he had faith no longer, for he knew, nothing doubting.

20 Wherefore, having this perfect
knowledge of God, he could not be
kept from within the veil; therefore
he saw Jesus; and he did minister
unto him.

21 And it came to pass that the
Lord said unto the brother of Jared:
Behold, thou shalt not suffer these
things which ye have seen and heard
to go forth unto the world, until the
time cometh that I shall glorify my
name in the flesh; wherefore, ye
shall treasure up the things which
ye have seen and heard, and show
it to no man.

