
22 And behold, when ye shall come
unto me, ye shall write them and
shall seal them up, that no one can
interpret them; for ye shall write
them in a language that they cannot be read.

23 And behold, these two stones
will I give unto thee, and ye shall
seal them up also with the things
which ye shall write.

24 For behold, the language which
ye shall write I have confounded;
wherefore I will cause in my own
due time that these stones shall
magnify to the eyes of men these
things which ye shall write.

25 And when the Lord had said
these words, he showed unto the
brother of Jared all the inhabitants of the earth which had been,
and also all that would be; and he
withheld them not from his sight,
even unto the ends of the earth.

26 For he had said unto him in
times before, that if he would believe in him that he could show unto
him all things—it should be shown
unto him; therefore the Lord could
not withhold anything from him,
for he knew that the Lord could
show him all things.

27 And the Lord said unto him:
Write these things and seal them
up; and I will show them in mine
own due time unto the children of
men.

28 And it came to pass that the
Lord commanded him that he
should seal up the two stones which
he had received, and show them not,
until the Lord should show them
unto the children of men.

CHAPTER 4

Moroni is commanded to seal up the
writings of the brother of Jared—They
will not be revealed until men have faith
even as the brother of Jared—Christ
commands men to believe His words
and those of His disciples—Men are
commanded to repent, believe the gospel, and be saved.

And the Lord commanded the
brother of Jared to go down out of
the mount from the presence of the
Lord, and write the things which
he had seen; and they were forbidden to come unto the children of
men until after that he should be
lifted up upon the cross; and for this
cause did king Mosiah keep them,
that they should not come unto the
world until after Christ should show
himself unto his people.

2 And after Christ truly had showed
himself unto his people he commanded that they should be made
manifest.

3 And now, after that, they have
all dwindled in unbelief; and there
is none save it be the Lamanites,
and they have rejected the gospel of
Christ; therefore I am commanded
that I should hide them up again
in the earth.

4 Behold, I have written upon these
plates the very things which the
brother of Jared saw; and there never
were greater things made manifest than those which were made
manifest unto the brother of Jared.

5 Wherefore the Lord hath commanded me to write them; and I have
written them. And he commanded

