be one among you that doeth good,
he shall work by the power and
gifts of God.

26 And wo unto them who shall
do these things away and die, for
they die in their sins, and they
cannot be saved in the kingdom
of God; and I speak it according to
the words of Christ; and I lie not.

27 And I exhort you to remember
these things; for the time speedily
cometh that ye shall know that I
lie not, for ye shall see me at the
bar of God; and the Lord God will
say unto you: Did I not declare my
words unto you, which were written by this man, like as one crying from the dead, yea, even as one
speaking out of the dust?

28 I declare these things unto the
fulfilling of the prophecies. And
behold, they shall proceed forth
out of the mouth of the everlasting
God; and his word shall hiss forth
from generation to generation.

29 And God shall show unto you,
that that which I have written is
true.

30 And again I would exhort you
that ye would come unto Christ,
and lay hold upon every good gift,
and touch not the evil gift, nor the
unclean thing.

31 And awake, and arise from the
dust, O Jerusalem; yea, and put on
thy beautiful garments, O daughter
of Zion; and strengthen thy
stakes and enlarge thy borders forever, that thou mayest no more be
confounded, that the covenants of
the Eternal Father which he hath
made unto thee, O house of Israel,
may be fulfilled.

32 Yea, come unto Christ, and be
perfected in him, and deny yourselves of all ungodliness; and if ye
shall deny yourselves of all ungodliness, and love God with all your
might, mind and strength, then is
his grace sufficient for you, that
by his grace ye may be perfect in
Christ; and if by the grace of God
ye are perfect in Christ, ye can in
nowise deny the power of God.

33 And again, if ye by the grace of
God are perfect in Christ, and deny
not his power, then are ye sanctified in Christ by the grace of God,
through the shedding of the blood
of Christ, which is in the covenant
of the Father unto the remission of
your sins, that ye become holy,
without spot.

34 And now I bid unto all, farewell.
I soon go to rest in the paradise
of God, until my spirit and body
shall again reunite, and I am
brought forth triumphant through
the air, to meet you before the pleasing bar of the great Jehovah, the
Eternal Judge of both quick and
dead. Amen.

THE END
