who had gone forth unto the La-
manites; and they were “stirred up
again to anger against the Nephites.

15 And also in this same year
they came down with a numerous
army to war against the people
of “Moronihah, or against the army of

beaten and driven back again to
their own lands, suffering great loss.
16 And thus ended the thirty and
ninth year of the reign of the judges
over the people of Nephi.
17 And thus ended the account of
“Alma, and Helaman his son, and

Moronihah, in the which they were | also Shiblon, who was his son.

THE BOOK OF HELAMAN

An account of the Nephites. Their wars and contentions, and their dissensions.
And also the prophecies of many holy prophets, before the coming of Christ,
according to the records of Helaman, who was the son of Helaman, and also
according to the records of his sons, even down to the coming of Christ. And
also many of the Lamanites are converted. An account of their conversion.
An account of the righteousness of the Lamanites, and the wickedness
and abominations of the Nephites, according to the record of Helaman and
his sons, even down to the coming of Christ, which is called the book of

Helaman, and so forth.

CHAPTER 1

Pahoran the second becomes chief judge
and is murdered by Kishkumen—Pacu-
meni fills the judgment seat—Corian-
tumr leads the Lamanite armies, takes
Zarahemla, and slays Pacumeni—Mo-
ronihah defeats the Lamanites and re-
takes Zarahemla, and Coriantumr is
slain. About 52-50 B.c.

iD now behold, it came to pass
in the commencement of the
fortieth year of the reign of
the judges over the people of Nephi,
there began to be a serious difficulty
among the people of the Nephites.
2 For behold, “Pahoran had died,
and gone the way of all the earth;
therefore there began to be a serious
contention concerning who should
have the judgment-seat among the
brethren, who were the sons of
Pahoran.
3 Now these are their names who

 

did contend for the judgment-seat,
who did also cause the people to
contend: Pahoran, Paanchi, and
Pacumeni.

4 Now these are not all the sons
of Pahoran (for he had many), but
these are they who did contend for
the judgment-seat; therefore, they
did cause three “divisions among
the people.

5 Nevertheless, it came to pass
that Pahoran was appointed by
the “voice of the people to be chief
judge and a governor over the people
of Nephi.

6 And it came to pass that Pacu-
meni, when he saw that he could
not obtain the judgment-seat, he
did ‘unite with the voice of the
people.

7 But behold, Paanchi, and that
part of the people that were desir-
ous that he should be their governor,
was exceedingly wroth; therefore,
