the shore of the Red Sea: and he travelled in the
wilderness in the borders which are nearer the Red
Sea; and he did travel in the wilderness with his fam-
ily, which consisted of my mother, Sariah, and my
elder brothers, who were Laman, Lemuel and Sam.

And it came to pass that when he had travelled
three days in the wildernass, he pitched his tent in a
valley by the side ofa river of water. And it came to
pass that he built an altar of stones, and made an of-
fering unto the Lord, and gave thanks nnto the Lod
our God. And it came to pass that he called the name
of the river Laman, and it emptied into the Red Sea;
and the valley was in the borders near the mouth
thereof.

And when my father saw that the waters of the riv-
er emptied into the fountain of the Red Sea, he spake
unto Laman, saying, O that thou mightest be like un-
to this river, continually running into the fountain of
all righteousness. And he also spake unto Lemuel:
O that thou mightest be like unto this valley, firm,
and steadfast, and immovable in keeping the command-
ments of the Lord. Now this he spake because of the
stiffneckedness of Laman and Lemuel; for behold they
did murmur in many things against their father, be-
cause he was a visionary man, and had led them out
of the land ef Jerusalem, to leave the land of their in-
heritance, and their gold, and their silver, and their
precious things, to perish in the wildesness. And
this they said he had done because of the foolish im-
aginations of his heart. And thus Laman and Lem-
uel, being the eldest, did murmur against their father.
And they did murmur because they knew not the deal-
ings of that God who had created them. Neither did
they believe that Jerusalem, that great city, could be
destroyed according to the words of the prophets..
And they were like unto the Jews, who were at Jeru-
salem, who sought to take away the life of my father.

And it came to pass that my father did speak unto
them in the valley of Lemuel, with power, being filled
with the spirit, until their frames did shake before him.
And he did confound them, that they durst not utter
against him; wherefore they did as he commanded
them. And my father dwelt in a tent.

And it came to pass that I, Nephi, being exceeding
young, nevertheless being large in stature, and also

aving great desires to know of the mysteries of God,

. wherefore I did cry unto the Lord;and behold he did
