visit me, and did soften my heart that I did believe all
the words which had been spoken by my father; where-
fore I did not rebel against him like unto my broth-
ers. And J spake unto Sam, making known unto him
the things which the Lord had manifested unto me by
his Holy Spirit.

And it came to pass that he believed in my words;
but behold Laman and Lemuel would not hearken un-
to my words: And being grieved because of the hard-
ness of their hearts, I cried unto the Lord for tiem.

And it came to pass that the Lord spake unto me,
saying: blessed art thou, Nephi, because of thy faith,
for thou hast sought me diligently, with lowliness of
heart. And inasmuch as ye shall keep my command-
ments, ye shall prosper, and shall be led to a land of
promise; yea, even a land which  have prepared for
you; yea, a land which is choice above all other lands.
And inasmuch as thy brethren shall rebel against thee,
they shall be cut off from the presence of the Lerd.
And inasmuch as thou shalt keep my commandments,
thou shalt be made a ruler and a teacher over thy
brethren. For bebold, in that day that they shall re-
bel against me, [ will curse them even with a sore
curse, and they shall have no power over-thy seed, ex-
cept they shall rebel against me also. And if it so be
that they rebel against me, they shall be a scourge unto
thy seed, to stir them up in the ways of remembrance.

And it came to pass that I, Nephi, returned from
speaking with the Lord, to the tent of my father..
And it came to) pass that he spake unto me, saying:
Behold I have dreamed a dream, in the which the Lord
hath commanded me that thou and thy brethren shall
return to Jerusalem.: For behold, Laban hath the re-
cord of the Jews, and also.a genealogy of thy forefa-
thers, and they are. engraven upon plates of brass.
Wherefore the Lord hath commanded me that thou
and thy brothers should go unto the house of Laban,
and seek the records, and bring them down hither in-
to the wilderness. And now,. beliold, thy: brothers
murmur, saying; it is a hard. thing which I have re-
quired of them; but behold I have not required: it of
them, but it is a commandment of the Lord. There-
fore go my son,: and thoushalt be favored of the Lord,
because thou hast not. murmured. Ma
 And it came to pass that I, Nephi,: said: unto my
father, I will go.and do the things: which the:Liord
hath eensmnnets, for 1 know that the Lord giveth no
