them by the spirit and power of God, since the world
began, even down unto this present time.

And it came to pass that after this manner of lan-

uage did I persuade my brethren, that shey might be
 faithful in keeping the commandments of God. And
it came to pass that we went down to the land of our
inheritance, and we did gather together our gold, and
our silver, and our precious things. And after we had
gathered these things together, we went up again unto
the house of Laban.

And it came to pass that we went in unto Laban,
and desired him that he would give unto us the re-
cords which were engraven upon the plates of brass,
for which we would give unto him our gold, and our
silver, and all our precious things.

And it came to pass that when Laban saw our prop-
erty, and that it was exceeding great, he did lust after
it, insomuch that he thrust us out, and sent his serv-
ants to slay us, that he might ebtain our property.
And it came to pass that we did flee before the serv-
ants of Laban, and we were obliged to leave behind
our property, and it fell into the hands of Laban.

And it came to pass that we fled into the wilder-
ness. and the servants of Laban did not overtake us,
and we hid ourselves in the cavity of a rock. And it
came to pass that Laman was angry with me, and al-
so with my father; and also was Lemuel; for he
hearkened unto the words of Laman. Wherefore La-
man and Lemuel did speak many hard words unto us,
their younger brothers, and they did smite us even
with a rod.

And it came to pass as they smote us with a rod,
behoid an angel uf the Lord came and stood before
them, and he spake unto them, saying, why do ye
smite your younger brother with a rod? Know ye
not that the Lord hath chosen him to be a ruler over
you, and this because of your iniquities? Behold ye
shall f up to Jerusalem again, and the Lord will de-
liver Laban into your hands. And after the angel had
spoken unto us, he departed. And after the angel
had departed, Laman and Lemuel again began to mur-
mut, saying, how is it possible that the Lord will de-
liver Laban into our hands? Behold he is a mighty
man, and he can command fifty, yea, even he canslay

ty; then why not us?

d it came to pass that I spake unto my brethren,
saying, let us go up again unto Jerusalem, and let us
