tremble, and was about to flee from before me and re-
turn to the city of Jerusalem.

And now I, Nephi, being a man large in stature,
and also having received much strength of the Lord,
therefore I did seize upon the servart of Laban, and
held him, that he should not flee.

And it came.to pass that I spake with him, that if
he would hearken unto my words, as the Lord liveth
and as I live, even so that if he would hearken unto
our words, we would spare his life. And I spake un-
to him, even with an oath, that he need not fear; that
he should be a free man like unto us, if he would go
down in the wilderness with us. And I also spake
unto him, saying, surely the Lord hath commanded
us to do this thing, and shall we not be diligent in
keeping the commandments of the Lord? Therefore,
if thou wilt go down into the wilderness to my father,
thou shalt have place with us.

And it came to pass that Zoram did take courage at
the words which I spake. Now Zoram was the name
of the servant; and he promised that he would go
down into the wilderness unte my father. And he al-
so made an oath unto us, that he would tarry with us
from that time forth. Nuw we were desirous that he
should tarry wita us for this cause, that the Jews
might not know concerning our flight into the wilder-
ness, lest they should pursue us and destroy us.

And it came to pass that when Zoram had made an
oath unto us, our fears did cease concerning him..
And it came to pass thal! we took the plates of brass
and the servant.of Laban, and departed into the wild-
erness, and journeyed unto the tent of our father.

And it came to pass that after we had came down
into the wilderness unto our father, behold he was fill-
ed with Joy: and also my mother, Sariah, was exceed-
ing glad, for she truly had mourned because of us; for
she had supposed that we had perished in the wilder-
ness; and she also had complained against my father,
telling him that he was a visionary man; saying, be-
hold thou hast led us forth from the land of our inher.
itanee, and my sons are no more, and we perish in
the wilderness. And after this manner of language
had my mother complained against my father.

And it had came to pass that my father spake unto
her saying, I know that I am a visionary man; for if
I had not seen the things of God in a vision, I should
not have known the goodness of God, but had tarried
