Nevertheless, I have received a commandment of
the Lord, that J should make these plates, for the spe-
cial purpose that there should be an account engraver
of the ministry of my people. Upon the other plates
should be engraven an account of the reign of the
kings, and the wars and contentions of my people;
wherefore, these plates are for the more part of the
ministry; and the other plates are for the more part of
the reign of the kings, and the vars, and contentions
of my people. Wherefore, the Lord hath commanded

me to make these plates, for a’wise purpose in him:
which purpose I know not. But the Lord knoweth

all things from the beginning; wherefore, he prepareth
a way to accomplish all his works among the children
of men; for behold, he hath all power unto the fulfil-
ling of all his words. And thus it is. Amen,

.o-.

CHAPTER. II.

Axp now I, Nephi, proceed to give an account upon
these plates, of my proceedings, and my reign and.
ministry; wherefore, to proceed with mine account, of
must speak somewhat of the things of my father, and
also of my brethren. 13

For behold, it came to pass after my father had mate
an end of speaking the words of his dream, and. also’of
exhorting them to all dilligence, he spake unto them
concerning the Jews, that after they should be destroy-
ed, even that great city Jerusalem, and many be'ear-
ried away captive into Babylon, according to the own

due time of the Lord, they should return again; yea,
even be brought back out of captivity; and after they
should be brought back out of captivity they should
possess again the land of their inheritance.

Yea, even six hundred years from the time: that my
father left Jerusalem, a prophet would the lord God
raise up among the Jews; even a Messiah; or, in oth.
er words, a Savior of the world. And he also spake
concerning the prophets, how great a number had tes-
tified of these things, concerning this Messiah, of
whom he had spoken, or this Redeemer of the world.
Wherefore, all mankind were in a lost and in a fallen
