state, and ever would be, save they should rely on this
Redeemer.

And he spake also, concerning a prophet, who should
come before the Messiah, to prepare the way of the
Lord; yea, even he should go forth and cry in the wil-
derness, prepare ye the way of the Lord, and make his
paths straight; for there standeth one among you
whom ye know not; and he is mightier than I, whose
shoe’s latchet I am not worthy to unloose. And much
spake my father concerning this thing.

And my father said he should baptise in Bethabary,
beyond Jordan; and he also said he should baptise with
water; even that he should baptise the Messiah with
water. And after he had baptised the Messiah with
water, he should behold and bear record, that he had
baptised the Lamb of God, who should take away the
sins of the world. :

And it came to pass after my father had spoken
these words, he spake unto my brethren concerning
the gospel which should be preached among the Jews;
and also concerning the dwindling of the Jews in un-
belief. And afler they had slain the Messiah who
should come, and after he had been slain, he should
rise from the dead, and should make himself manifest,
by the Holy Ghost, unto the Gentiles.

Yea, even my father spake much concerning the
Gentiles, and also concerning the house of Israel, that
they should be compared like unto an olive tree, whose
branches should be broken off, and should be scattered
upon all the face of the earth. Wherefore, he said it
must needs be that we should be led with one accord,
into the land of promise unto the fulfilling of the word
of the Lord, that we should be scattered upon all the
face of the earth. Andafter the house of Israel should
be scattered, they should be gathered together again;
or, in fine, after the Gentiles had received the fulness
of the gospel, the natural branches of the olive tree,
or the remnants of the house of Israel, should be graft-
ed in, or come to the knowledge of the true Messiah,
their Lord and their Redeemer. And after this man-
ner of language did my father prophesy and speak un-
to my brethren; and also many more things, which I
do not write in this book; for I have written as many
of them as were expedient for me in mine other book.
And all these things of which I have spoken, were
