Lamb of God, that he was taken by the people; yea,
the Son of the everlasting God was judged of the world;
and I saw and bear record. And I, Nephi, saw that he
was lifted up upon the cross, and slain for the sins of
the world. And after he was slain Isaw the multitudes
of the earth, that they were gathered together to fight
against the apostles of the Lamb; for thus were the
twelve called by the angel of the Lord. And the mul-
titude of the earth was gathered together; and I be-
held that they were in a large and spacious building,
like unto the building which my father saw! And the
angel of the Lord spake unto me again, saying, behold
the world and the wisdom thereof; yea, behold, the
house of Israel hath gathered together, to fight against
the twelve apostles of the Lamb.

And it came to pass that I saw and bear record, that
the great and spacious building was the pride of the
world; and it fell; and the fall thereof was exceeding
great. And the angel of the Lord spake unto me again,
saying, thus shall be the destruction of all nations,
kindreds, tongues and people, that shall fight against
the twelve apostles of the Lamb.

And it came to pass that the angel said unto me
look, and behold thy seed, and also the seed of thy
brethren!  And J looked and beheld the land of prom-
ise; and I beheld multitudes of people, yea, even as it
were in number, as many as the sand of the sea.

And it came to pass that I beheld multitudes gath-
ered together to battle, one against the other; and I
beheld wars, and rumors of wars, and great slaughters
with the sword among my people.

And it came to pass that [ beheld many generations
pass away, after the manner of wars and contentions
in the land; and I beheld many cities, yea, even that
I did not number them.

And it came to pass that I saw a mist of darkness
on the face of the land of promise; and I saw light-
nings, and I heard thunderings, and earthquakes, and
all manner of tumultuous noises; and I saw the earth
and the rocks that they rent; and J saw mountains
tumbling into pieces; and I saw the plains of the earth,
that they were broken up; and I saw many cities, that
they were sunk; and I saw many that they were burn-
ed with fire; and I saw many that did tunible to the
earth, because of the quaking thereof.

' And it came to pass after I saw these things; I saw
dhe vapor of darkness, that it passed from off the face
