of the earth; and behold, I saw multitudes who had
fallen, because of the great and terrible judgments of
the Lord. .And I saw the lieavens open, and the Lamb
of God descending out of heaven; and he came down
and shewed himself unto them. And I also saw and
bear record, that the Holy Ghost fell upon twelve oth-
ers; aud they were ordained of God, and chosen.

And the angel spake unto me saying, behold the
twelve disciples of the Lamb, who are chcsen to min-
ister unto thy seed. And he said unto me, thou: re-
membereth the twelve apostles of the Lamb? Behold
they are they who shall judge the twelve tribes of Is-
rael; wherefore, the twelve ministers of thy seed, shall
be judged of them; for ye are of the house of Israel;
and these twelve ministers whom thou beholdest, shall
judge thy seed. And behold they are righteous forev-
er; for because of their faith in the Lamb of God, their
garments are made white in his blood. -

And the angel said unto me, look! And 1 looked
and beheld three generations pass away in righteous-
ness; and their garments were white, even lke unto
the Lamb of God. And the angel said unto me, these
are made white in the blood of the Lamb, because of
their faith in him. And I, Nephi, also saw many of
the fourth generation, who passed away in righteous-
ness.

And it came to pass that I saw the multitudes of the
earth gathered together. And the angel said unto me,
behold thy seed, and also the seed of thy brethren!.
And it came to pass that I looked and beheld the peo-
ple of my seed gathered togetherin multitudes against

the seed of my brethren; and they were gathered to-
gether to battle.

And ,the angel spake unto me, saying, behold the
fountain of filthy water which’thy father saw; yea,
even the river of which he spake; and the depths there-
of are the depths of hell; and the mists of darkness are
the temptations of the devil, which blindeth the eyes,
and hardeneth the hearts of the children of men, and
leadeth them away into broad roads, that they may
perish, and are lost; and the large and spacious build-
ing which thy:father saw, is vain imaginations and the
pride of the children of men, Anda great and a terri-.
ble gulf divideth them; yea, even the word of the jus-
tice of the eternal. God, and the Messiah whu is the
Lamb of God, of whom the Holy Ghost, beareth rec-

ord, from the beginning of the world:until this time,
