- and from this timehenceforth and forever. And while
the angel spake these words, I beheld and saw that the
seed of my brethren did contend against my seed, ac-
cording to the word of the’ angel; and because of the
pride of my seed, and the temptations of the devil, I
beheld that the seed of my brethren did overpower the
people of my seed,

And it came to pass that I beheld and saw the peo-
ple of the seed of my brethren, that they had overcome
my seed; and they went forth in multitudes upon the
face of the land. And I saw them gathered together
in multitudes; and I saw wars and rumors of wars
among them; and in wars, and rumors of wars, 1 saw
many generations pass away. And the angel said un-
to me, behold, these shall dwindle in unbelief.

And it carne to pass that I beheld after they had
dwindled in unbelief, they became a dark and loath-
some, anda filthy people, full of idleness and all man-
ner of abominations.

And it came to pass that the angel spake unto me
saying, look! And I looked and beheld many nations
and kingdoms. And the angel said unto me,,.what be-
holdest thou?) And I said I behold many nationsand
kingdoms. And he said unto me, these are the nae,
tions and kingdoms of the Gentiles, }

And it came to pass that I saw among the nations of
the Gentiles the foundation of a:great church. And
the angel said unto me, behold the foundation of a
church, which is most abominable above all other
churches, which slayeth the-saints'of God, yea, and
tortureth them and bindeth them down, and yoketh
them with a yoke of iron, and bringeth them down in-
to captivity.

And it came to pass that I beheld this great and
abominable church; and I saw the devil that he was
the foundation of it. And I also saw gold, and’silver,
and silks, and scarlets, and fine twined linen,’ and all
manner of precious clothing; and I saw many harlots.
And the angel spake unto me, saying, behold the gold,
and the silver, and the silks, and:the scarlets, and the
fine twined linen, and the precious clothing, and the
harlots, are the desires of this great and abominable
church: and also for the praise of the world, do they
destroy the saints of God, and bring them down into
captivity.

And it came’ to’pass that I looked and beheld many
waters; and they divided the Gentiles from the seed
