er unto the Gentiles, for the very cause that he shall
be rejected of the Jews, or of the house of Israel;
wherefore, our father hath not spoken of our seed alone,
but also of all the house of Israel, pointing to the cov-
enant which should be fulfilled in the latter days;
which covenant the Lord made to our father Abraham,
saying, in thy seed shall all the kindreds of the earth
he blessed.

And it came to pass that I, Nephi, spake much un-
to them concerning these things; yea, I spake unto
them concerning the restoration of the Jews, in the
latter days; and I did rehearse unto them the words
of Isaiah, who spake concerning the restoration of the
Jews, or of the house of Israel; and after they were re-
stored, they should no more be confounded, neither
should they be scattered again. And it came to pass
that I did speak many words unto my brethren, that
they were pacified, and did humble themselves before
the Lord.

And it came to pass that they did speak unto me
again, saying, what meaneth this thing which our fa-
ther saw ina dream? What meaneth the tree which
he saw? -AndI said unto them, it was a representa-
tion of the tree of life. And they said unto me, what
meaneth the rod of iron which our father saw, that
led to the tree? And I said unto them, that it was
the word of God; and whoso would hearken unto the
word of God, and would hold fast unto it, they would
never perish; neither could the temptations and the
fiery darts of the adversary, overpower them unto
blindness, to lead them away to destruction. Where-
fore, I Nephi, did exhort them to give heed unto tha
word of the Lord; yea, I did exhort them with all the
energies of my soul, and with all the faculty which I
possessed, that they would give heed to the word of
God, and remember to keep his commandments al-
ways, in all things. And they said unto me, what
meaneth the river of water which our father saw? And
1 said unto them, that the water which my father saw,
was filthiness; and so much was his mind swallowed
up in other things, that he beheld not the filthiness of
the water; and f eaid unto them, that it was an awful
gulf, which separateth the wicked from the tree of life,
and also from the saints of God. And I said unto
them, that it was a representation of that awful hell,
which the eet said unto me was prepared for. the
wicked. And I said unto them, that our father also
