said unto me, thou hast declared unto us hard things,
more than we are able to bear. ,

And it came to pass that I said unto them, that I
knew that I had spoken hard things against the wick-
ed, according to the truth; and the righteous have I
justified, and testified that they should be lifted up at
the last day; wherefore, the guilty taketh the truth to
be hard, for it cutteth them to the very center. And
now, my brethren, if ye were righteous, and were wil-
ling to hearken to the truth, and give heed unto it,
that ye might walk uprightly before God, then ye
sraald nol murmur because of the truth, and say thou
speakest hard things against us. And it came to pass
that I, Nephi, did exhort my brethren, with all dili-
gence, to keep the commandments of the Lord. And
it came to pass that they did humble themselves be-
fore the Lord; insomuch, that I had joy and great
hopes of them, that they would walk in the paths of
righteousness, Now, all these things were said and
done, as my father dwelt in a tent in the valley which
he called Lemuel.

And it came to pass that I, Nephi, took one of the
daughters of Ishmael to wife; and also, my brethren
took of the daughters of Ishmael to wife; and also,
Zoram took the eldest daughter of Ishmael to wife.
And thus my father had. fulfilled all the command-
ments of the Lord which had been given unto him..
And also, I, Nephi, had been blessed of the Lord ex-
ceedingly.

And it @ame to pass that the voice of the Lord spake
unto my father, by night, and commanded him, that
on the morrow, he should take his journey into the
wilderness. And it came to pass that as my father
arose in the morning, and went forth to the tent door,
to his great astonishment, he beheld upon the ground
around ball, of curious workmanship; and it was of
fine brass. And within the ball were two spindles;
and the one pointed the way whither we should goin-
to the wilderness.

And it came to pass that we did gather together
whatsoever things we should carry into the wilder-
ness, and all the remainder of our provisions whieh
the Lord had given unto us; and we did take seed of
every kind, that we might carry into the wilderness.

,/ind it came to pass that we did take our tents, and
depart into the wilderness, across the river Laman.
And it came to pass that we travelled for the space of
