four days, nearly a south, southeast direction, and we
did pitch our tents again; and we did call the name.of
the place Shazer.

And it came 1o pass that we did take our bows and
our arrows, and go forth into the wilderness, to slay
food for our families; and after we had slain food for
our families, we did return again to our families in the
wilderness, to the place of Shazer. And we did go
forth again, in the wilderness, following the same di-
rection, keeping in the most fertile parts of the wild-
erness, which were in the borders near the Red Sea.
And it came to pass that we did travel for the space of
many days, slaying food by the way, with our bows
and our arrows, and our stones and our slings; and
we did follow the directions of the bail, which led us
in the more fertile parts of the wilderness. And after
we had travelled for the space of many days, we did
pitch our tents for the space of a time, that we might
again rest ourselves and obtain food for our families.

And it came to pass that as I, Nephi, went forth to
slay food, behold, I did break my bow, which was made
of fine steel; and after I did break my bow, behold,
my brethren were angry with me, because of the loss
of my bow, for we did obtain no, food. And it came
to pass that we did return without food to our fami-
lies. And being much fatigued, because of their jour-
neying, they did suffer much for the want of food.

And it came to pass that Laman and Lemuel, and
the sons of Ishmael, did begin to murmur exceedingly,
because of their sufferings and afflictions in the wald-
erness; and also my father began to murmur against
the Lord his God; yea, and they were all exceeding
sorrowful, even that they did murinuragainst the Lord,

Now it came to pass that I, Nephi, having been af-
flicted with my brethren, because of. the loss of my
bow; and their bows. having lost their springs, it be-
gan to be exeeeding difficult, yea, insomuch, that we
could obtain no food. And it came.to pass that I,
Nephi, did speak much unto my brethren, because they
had hardened their hearts again, even unto complain-
ing against the Lord their God,

And it came to pass that I, Nephi, did make out of
wood a. bow,. and out of a straight stick, an arrow;
wherefore, I did arm myself with a bow and an arrow,
with a sling, and with stones. And I said unto my
father, whither shall Igo, to obtain food? And it
came to pass that he did inquire of the Lord, for they
