thirst, and fatigue; and after all these sufferings, we
must perish in the wilderness with hunger. And thus
they did murmur against my father, and also against
me; and they were desirous to return again to Jerusa-
Jem: And Laman said unto Lemuel, and also unto
the sons of Ishmael, behold, let us slay our father, and
also our brother Nephi, who has taken it upon him to
be our ruler and our teacher, who are his elder breth-
ren: Now, he says that the Lord bas talked with him,
and alao, that angels have ministered unto him? But
behold, we know that he lies unto us; and. he tells us
these things, and he worketh many things by his cun-
ning arts, that he may deceive our eyes, thinking, per-
haps, that he may lead us away into some strange
wilderness; and after he has led us away, he has ©
thought to make himself a king and a ruler over us,
that he may do with us according to his will and
leasure. And after this manner, did my brother La-
an stir up their hearts to anger.

And it came to pass that the Lord was with us;.yea,
even the voice of the Lord came and did speak many
words unto them, and did chasten them exceedingly;
and after they were chastened by the voice of the
Lord, they did turn away their anger, and did repent
of their sins, insomuch that the Lord did bless. us
again with food, that we did not perish.

And it came to pass that we did again take our jour-
ney in the wilderness; and we did travel nearly east-
ward, from that time forth. And. we did travel and
wade through much affliction in the wilderness; and
our women did bear children in the wilderness. And
so great were the blessings of the Lord upon us, that
while we did live upon raw meat in the wilderness,
our women did give plenty of suck for their children,
and were strong, yea, even like unto the men; and
they began to bear their journeyiugs without mur-
murings. And thus we see that the commandments
of God must be fulfilled. And if it so be that the chil-
dren of men keep the commandments of God, he doth
nourish them, and strengthen them, and provide means
whereby they can accomplish the thing whith hehas
commanded them: wherefore, he did’ provide means
for us while we did sojourn in the’ wilderness.. And
we did sojourn for the space of many years, yea;even
eight years in the wilderness. And wwe did’ come to
the land which we called Bountiful, because of its
much fruit, and also-wild'honey; and all these things
