for them, that they should be brought out of bond
Now ye know that Moses was commanded of t
Lord to do that great work; and ye know that by his
word, the waters of the Red Sea were divided hither
and thither, and they passed through on dry ground.
But ye know that the Egyptians were drowned in the
Red Sea, who were the armies of Pharaoh; and ye al-
so know that they were fed with manna in the wilder-
ness; yea, and ye also know that Moses, by his word,
according to the power of God which was in him,
smote the rock, and there came forth water, that the
children of Israel might quench their thirst; and not-
withstanding they being led, the Lord their God, their
Redeemer, going before them, leading them by day,
and giving light unto them by night, and doing all
things for them which were expedient for man to re-
ceive, they hardened their hearts, and blinded their
minds, and reviled against Moses and against the true
and living God.

And it came to pass that aceording to his word, he,
did destroy them: and according to his word, he did
lead them; and according to his word, he did do all
things for them; and there was not any thing done,
saye it were by his word. And after they had crossed
the river Jordan, he did make them mighty, unto the.
driving out the children of the land, yea, unto the
seattering them to destruction. And now do ye sup-
pose that the children of this land, who were in the
land of promise, who were driven out by our fathers,
do ye suppose that they were righteous? Behold, I
say unto you, nay. Do ye suppose that our fathers
would have been more choice than they, if they had
been righteous? I say unto you nay; behold, the
Lord esteemeth all flesh in one: He that is righteous,
is favored of God. But behold, this people had reject-
ed every word of God, and they were ripe in iniquity;
and the fulness of the wrath of. God was upon them;
and the Lord did curse the land against them, and
bless it unto our fathers; yea, he did curse it against
them unto their destruction; and he did bless it unto
our fathers, unto their obtaining power over it. Be-
hold, the Lord hath created the earth that it should be
inhabited; and he hath created:his children, that they
should possess.it. And he raiseth up a righteous na~
tion, and destroyeth the nations of the wicked. And
he leadeth away the righteous into precious lands, and

wherefore, ye know that it must needs be a good thing
e
