hold, I am full of the spirit of God, insomuch that my
frame has no strength.

And now it came to pass that when I had spoken
these words, they were angry with me, and were de-
sirous to throw me into the depths of the sea; and as
they came forth to lay their hands upon me, I spake
unto them, saying, in the name of the Almighty God,
I command you that ye touch me not, for I am filled
with the power of God, even unto the consuming of
my flesh; and whoso shall lay their hands upon me,
shall wither even as a dried reed; and he shall be as
nought before the power of God, for God shall smite
him,

And it came to pass that I, Nephi, said unto them,
that they should murmur no more against their father;
neither should they withhold their labor from me, for
God had commanded me that I should build a ship.
And I said unto them, if God had commanded me to
do all things, I could dothem. If he should command
me that I should say unto this water, be thou earth,
it should by earth; and if I should say it, it would be
done. And now, if the Lord has such great power,
and has wrought so many miracles among the children
of men, how is it that he cannot instruct me, that I
should build a ship?

And it came to pass that I, Nephi, said many things
unto my brethren, insomuch that they were confound-
ed, and could not contend against me; neither durst
they lay their hands upon me, nor touch me with their
fingers even for the space of many days. Now they
durst not do this, lest they should wither before me, 
so powerful was the spirit of God; and thus it had
wrought upon them.

And it came to pass that the Lord said unto me,
stretch forth thine hand again unto thy brethren, and
they shall not wither before thee, but I will shock
them, saith the Lord and this will Ido, that they may
know that I am the Lord their God.

And it came to pass that I stretched forth my hand
unto my brethren, and they did not wither before me;
but the Lord did shake them, even according to the
word which he had spoken. And now, they said, we
know of a surety, that the Lord is with thee, for we
know that it is the power of the Lord that has shaken
us. And they fell down before me, and were about. to
worship. me, but J would not suffer them, saying, Iam
thy brother, yea, even thy younger brother; where-
