ceedingly, lest the Lord should be angry with us, and
smite us, because of our iniquity, that we should be
swallowed up in the depths of the sea; wherefore, I,
Nephi, began to speak to them with much soberness;
but behold, they were angry with me, saying,.we will
not that our younger brother shall be a ruler over us. -

And it came to pass that Laman and Lemuel did
take me and bind me with cords, and they did treat
me with much harshness; nevertheless, the Lord did
suffer it, that he might shew forth his power, unto the
fulfilling of his word wich he had spoken, concerning
the wicked.

And it came to pass that afler they had bound me,
insomuch that I could not move, the compass, which
had been prepared of the Lord, did cease to, work;
wherefore, they knew not whither they should gteer
the ship, insomuch, that there arose a great storm,
yea, a great and terrible tempest; and we were.driv-
en back upon the waters for the space of three days;
and they began to be frightened exceedingly, lest they
should be drowned in the sea: nevertheless, they did
not loose me. And on the fourth day which we had
been driven back, the tempest began to be exceeding
sore.

And it came to pass that we were about to be swal-
lowed up in the depths of the sea. And after we had
been driven back upon the waters for the space of four
days, my brethren began to sec that the judgements of
God were upon them, and that they must perish, save
that they should repent of their, iniquities; wherefore,
they came unto me and loosed. the bands which were
upon my wrists, and behold, they had swollen exceed-
ingly; and also mine anecles were much swollen, and

reat was the soreness thereof. Nevertheless, I did
ook unto my. God, and I did’ praise him all the day
long; and I did not murmur against the Lord, because
of mine afflictions.

Now, my father Lehi, had said many things unto
them,.and also unto the sons of Ishmael; but Fehold,
they did breathe out much threatnings against any
one that should speak for me; and my parents being
stricken in years, and having suffered much grief be-
cause of their children, they were brought down, yea,
even upon their sick beds. Because of their grief, and
much sorrow, and the iniquity of my brethren, they
were brought near even to be carried out of this time,
to meet their God; yea, their. grey hairs. were about to
