be brought down to lie low in the dust; yea, even
they were near to be cast into the watery grave. And
Jacob and Joseph also, being young,’ having need of
much nourishment, were grieved because of the afflic-
tions of their mother; and also my. wife, with her tears
and prayers, and also my children, did not soften the
hearts of my brethren, that they would loose me;
and there was nothing, save it were the power of God,
which threatened them with destruction, could soften
their hearts; wherefore, when they saw that they
were about to be swallowed up in the depths of the
sea, they repented of'thething which they had done,
insomuch thht they loosed me.

And it carne to pass after they had loosed me, be-
hold, I took the compass, and it did work whither I
desired it. And it came to pass that 1 prayed unto
the Lord; and after I had prayed, the winds did cease,
and the storm did cease, and there was a great calm.

And it came to pass that I, Nephi, did guide the
ship, that we sailed again towards the promised land.
And it came to pass that after we had sailed for the
space of many days, we did arrive to the promised
land; and we went forth upon the land, and did pitch
our tents; and we did call it the promised land.

And it came to pass that we did begin to till the
earth, and we began to plant seeds; yea, we did put
all our seeds into the earth, which we had brought
from the land of Jerusalem. And it came to pass that
they did grow exceedingly; wherefore, we were bless-
ed in abundance,

And it came to pass that we did find upon the land
of promise, as we journeyed in the wilderness, that
there were beasts in the forests of every kind, both the
cow, and the ox, and the ass, and the horse, and the
goat, and the wild goat, and all manner of wild ani-
mals, which.were for the use of men. And we did
find all manner of ore, both of gold, and of silver, and
of copper.

And it came to pass that the Lord commanded me,
wherefore [ did make plates of ore, that I might en-
graven upon them the record of my people. And up-
on the plates which I made, I did engraven the re-
cord of my father, and also our journeyings in the
wilderness, and the prophecies of my father; and also
many of mine own prophecies have I. engraven upon
them. And I: knew not at the time when:I made
them, that: Ivshould be commanded: of the Lord'to
