thy peace been as a river, and thy righteousness as the
waves of the sea: thy seed also had been as the sand;
the offspring of thy bowels like the gravel thereof: his
name:should not have been cut off nor destroyed from
before me.

Go ye forth of Babylon, flee ye from the Chaldeans,
with a voice of singing declare ye, tell this, utter to
the end of the earth; say ye, the Lord hath redeemed
his servant Jacob. And they thirsted not: he led them
through the deserts: he caused the waters to flow out
of the rock for them: he clave the reck also, and the
waters gushed out. And notwithstanding he hath
done all this, and greater also, there is no peace, saith
the Lord unto the wicked.

And again: Hearken, O ye house of Israel, all ye
that are broken off and are driven out, because of the
wickedness of the pastors of my people; yea, all ye
that are broken off, that are scattered abroad, who:are
of my people, O house of Israel. Listen O isles, unto
me; and:hearken, ye people, from far; the Lord hath
called me from the womb; from the bowels .of my
mother hath he made mention of my name. And he
hath made my mouth like a sharp sword; in the shad-
ow of his hand hath he hid me, and made me a pol-
ished shaft: in his quiver hath he hid me; and said un-
to me, thou art my servant, O Israe}, in whom I will
be glorified. Then I said, I have labored in vain, I
have spent my strength for nought, and in vain; surely,
my judgment is with the Lord, and my work with my

od.

And now, saith the Lord, that formed me from the
womb that I shoufd be his servant, to bring Jacob again
to him: Though Israel be not gathered, yet shall I be
glorious in the eyes of the Lord, and my God shall be
my strength. And he said, it is a light thing that thou
shouldst be my servant to raise up the tribes of Jacob,
and to restore the preserved of Israel. I will also give
thee for a light. to the Gentiles, that thou mayest. be
my salvation unto the ends of the earth. Thus saith the
Lord, the Redeemer of Israel, his Holy One, to him
whom man despiseth, to him whom the nations abhor-
reth, to servant of rulers, kings shall see and arise,
princes also shall worship, because: of the Lord that is
faithful. Thus saith the Lord, in:an acceptable time
have I heard: thee, O isles of the.sea, and. in a.day-of
salvation have I helped thee:. and I will preserve thee,
and give thee my servant for-a covenant of the people,
