be carried upon their shoulders. And kings shall be
thy nursing fathers, and their queens thy nursing
mothers: they shall bow down to thee with their face
towards the earth, and lick up the dust of thy feet;
and thou shalt know that I am the Lord: for they
shall not’be ashamed that wait for me. For shall the
prey be taken from the mighty, or the lawful captives
delivered? But thus saith the Lord, even the captives
of the mighty shall be taken away, and the prey of the
terrible shall be delivered: for I will contend with him
that contendeth with thee, and I will save thy children.
And I will feed them that oppress thee with their
own flesh; they shall be drunken with their own blood,
as with sweet wine: and all flesh shall know that I
the Lord am thy Savior and thy Redeemer, the migh-
ty one of Jacob,

3.

. -

CHAPTER VII.

Anp now it came to pass that afterI, Nephi, had
read these things which were engraven upon the plates
of brass, my brethren came unto me and said unto me,
what meaneth these things which ye have read? _Be-
hold, are they to be understood according to things
which are spiritual, which shall come to pass accor-
ding to the spirit and not the flesh? And I, Nephi,
said unto them, behold, they were manifest unto the
prophet, by the voice of the spirit: for by the spirit
are all things made known unto the prophets, which
shall come upon the children of men according to the
flesh, Wherefore, the things of which I have read,
are things pertaining to things both temporal and spir-
itual: for it appears that the house of Israel, sooner or
later, will be scattered upon all the face of the earth,
and also among all nations, and behold there are many
who are already lost from the knowledge of those who
are at Jerusalem. Yea, the more part of all the tribes
have been led away; and they are scattered to and fro
upon the isles of the sea: and whither they are, none
of us xnoweth, save that we know that they have been
led away. And since they have been led away, these
things have been prophesied concerning them, and al-
so concerning all those who shall hereafter be iseatter-
