ensnare the [people of the Lord. And all that fight
against Zion, shall be destroyed. And that great
whore, who hath perverted the right ways of the Lord;
yea, that great and abominable church, shall tumble to
the dust, and great shall be the fall of it. For behold,
saith the prophet, the time cometh speedily, that sa-
tan shall have no more power ever the hearts of the
children of men: for the day soon cometh, that all the
proud and they who do wickedly, shall be as stubble;
and the day cometh that they must be burned. For
the time soon cometh, that the fulness of the wrath of
God shall be poured out upon all the children of men:
for he will not suffer that the wicked shall destroy the
righteous. Wherefore, he will preserve the righteous
by his power, even if it so be that the fulness of his
wrath must come, and the righteous be preserved, even
unto the destruction of theirenemies by Gre. Where-
fore, the righteous need not fear: for thus saith the

rophet, they shall be saved, even if it so be as by fire.

ehold, my brethren, Isay unto you, that these things
must shortly come; yea, even blood, and fire, and va-
por of smoke must come; and it must needs be upon
the face of this earth; and it cometh unto men accor-
ding to the flesh, if it so be that they will harden their
hearts against the Holy One of Israel: for behold, the
righteous shall not perish; for the time surely must
come, that all they who fight against Zion, shall be cut
off. And the Lord will surely prepare a way for his
people, unto the fulfilling of the words of Moses, which
he spake, saying: A prophet shall the Lord your God
raise up unto you, like unto me; him shall ye hear in
all things whatsoever he shall say unto you. And it
shall come to -pass that all those who will not hear
that prophet, shall be cut off from among the people.
And now I, Nephi, declare unto you, that this proph-
et of whom Moses spake, was the Holy One of Israel;
wherefore, he shall execute judgment in righteousness;
and the righteous need not fear, for they are those who
shall not be confounded. But it is the kingdom of the
devil which shall. be built up among the children of
men, which kingdom is established among them which
are in the flesh: forthe time speedily shall come, that
all churches which are built up to get gain, and all
those who are built up to get power over tae flesh, and
those who are built up to become popular in the eyes
of the world, and those who seek the lusts of the flesh
and the things of the werld, and te do all manner of
