THE SECOND BOOK OF NEPHI.
CHAPTER I.

An account of the death of Lehi. Nephi's brethren re-
belleth against him. The Lord warns Nephi to de~
partinto the wilderness. His journeyings in the wild-
erness, &ยง.

Anp now it came to pass after I, Nephi, had made
an end of teaching my brethren, our father, Lehi, also
spake many things unto them, how great things the
Lord had done for them, in bringing them out of the
land of Jerusalem. And he spake unto them concern-
ing their rebellions upon the waters, and the mercies
of God in sparing their lives, that they were not swal-
lowed up in the sea. And he also spake unto them
concerning the land of promise, which they had ob-
tained: how merciful the Lord had been in warning
us that we should flee out of the land of Jerusalem..
For, behold, said he, I have seen a vision, in which I
know that Jerusalem is destroyed; and had we remain-
ed in Jerusalem, we should also have perished. But,
said he, notwithstanding our afflictions, we have ob-
tained a land of promise, a land which is choice above
all other lands; aland which the Lord Ged hath cove-
nanted with me should be a land for the inheritance
of my seed. Yea, the Lord hath covenanted this land
unto me, and to my children forever; and also all those
who should be Jed out of other countries, by the hand
of the Lord. Wherefore, I, Lehi, prophesy according
to the workings of the spirit which isin me, that there
shall none come into this land, save they shall be
brought by the hand of the Lord. Wherefore, this
land is consecrated unto him whom he shall bring..
And if it so be that they shall serve him according to
the commandments which he hath given, it shall be a
land of liberty unto them; wherefore, they shall never
be brought down into captivity: if so, it shall be be-
cause of iniquity: for if iniquity shall abound, : cursed
shall be the land for their sakes; but unto the right-
eous, it shall be blessed forever. And behold, it is
wisdom that this land should be kept as yet from the
knowledge of other nations: for behold, many nations
