would overrun the land, that there. would be no place
for an inheritance. Wherefore, I, Lehi, have obtain-
ed a promise, that inasmuch as those whom the Lord
God shall bring out of the land of Jerusalem shall keep
his commandments, they shall prosper upon the face
of this lard; and they shall be kept from all other na-
tions, that they may possess this land unto themselves.
And if itso be that they shall keep his commandments,
they shall be blessed upon the face of this land, and
there shall be none to molest them, nor to take away
the land of their inheritance; and they shall dwell safe-
ly forever. But behold, when the time cometh that
shay shall dwindle in unbelief, after they have receiv-
ed so great blessings from the hand of the Lord; hav-
ing a knowledge of the creation of the earth, and all
men, knowing the great and marvellous works of the
Lord from the creation of the world; haying power giv-
en them to do all things by faith; having all the com-
mandments from the beginning, and having been bro’t
by his infinite goodness into this precious land of prom-
ise; behold, I say, if the day shall come that they will
reject the Holy One of Israel, the true Messiah, their
Redeemer and their. God, behold, the judgments of
him that is just, shll rest upon them; yea, he will
bring other nations unto them, and he will give unto
them power, and he will take away from them the
lands of their possessions; and he will cause them to
be scattered and smitten. Yea, as one generation pas-
seth to another, there shall be bloodsheads and great
visitations among them; wherefore, my sons, I would
that ye would remember; yea, I would that ye would
hearken unte my words. O that ye would awake;
awake from a deep sleep, yea, even from the sleep of
hell, and shake off the awful chains by which ye are
bound, which are the chains which bind the children
of men, that they are carried away captive down to
the eternal gulf of misery and wo! Awake! and arise
from the dust, and hear the words of a trembling pa-
rent, whose limbs ye must soon lay down in the cold
and silent grave, from whence no traveller can return:
a few more days, and I go the way of all the earth..
But. behold, the Lord hath redeemed my soul from
hell: I have beheld his glory, and J am encircled about
eternally .in the arms of his love. And I desire that
ye should..remember to observe the statutes and the
judgments of the Lord: behold, this hath been the
