anxiety of my soul, from the beginning. My heart
hath been weighed down with sorrow from time to
time: for I have feared, lest for the hardness of your
hearts, the Lord your God should come out in the ful-
ness of his wrath, upon you, that ye be cut off and
destroyed furever; or, that a cursing should come up-
on you for the space of many generations; and ye are
visited by sword, and by famine, and are hated, and
are led according to the will and captivity of the devil.
O my sons, that these things might not come upon you,
but that ye might be a choice and a favored people of
the Lord. But, behold, his will be done: for his ways
are righteousness forever; and he hath said, that inas-
much as ye shall keep my commandments, ye shall pros-
perin the land; but inasmuch as ye will not keepmy
commandments, ye shall be cut off from my presence.
and now that my soul might have joy in you, and that
my heart might leave this world with gladness because
of you; that I might not be brought down with grief
and sorrow to the grave, arise from the dust, my sons,
and be men, and ve determined in one mind, and in
one heart united in all things, that ye may not come
down into captivity; that ye may not be cursed with
a sore cursing; and also, that ve may not incur the
displeasure ofa just God upon you, unto the destruc-
tion, yea, the eternal destruction of both soul and
body. Awake, my sons: put on the armor of right-
eousness. Shake off the chains with which ye are
bound, and come forth out of obscurity, and arise from
the dust. Rebel no more against your brother, whose
views have been glorious, and who hath kept the com-
mandments from the time that we left Jerusalem, and
who hath been an instrument in the: hands of God, in
bringing us forth into the land of promise: for were it
not for him, we must have perished with hunger in
the wilderness; nevertheless, ye sought to take away
his life; yea, and be hath’ suffered much sorrow be-
cause of you. And I exceedingly fear and tremble be-
cause of you, lest he shall suffer again: for behold, ye
have accused him that he sought power and authority
over you; but I know that he -hath not sought for
power nor authority over you: but he hath sought the

lory of God, and your own eternal welfare., And ye

ave murmured because he hath been plain unto you.
Ye say that he hath used sharpness; yeisay that he
hath been angry with you. But behold, his sharp-
ness was the sharpness of the power of the word of
