that they know good from evil. And the law is given
unto men. And by the law, no flesh is justified; or,
by the law, men are cut off. Yea, by the temporal
law, they were cut off; and also, by the spiritual law
they perish from that which is good, and become mis-
erable forever. Wherefore, redemption cometh in and
through the holy Messiah: for he is full of grace and
truth. Behold, he offereth himself a sacrifice for sin,
to answer the ends of the law, untoall those who have
a broken heart and a contrite spirit; and unto none
else can the ends of the law be answered. Wherefore,
how great the importance to make these things known
unto the inhabitants of the earth, that they may know
that there is no flesh that can dwell in the presence of
God, save it be through the merits, and mercy, and
grace of the holy Messiah, who layeth down his life
according to the flesh, and taketh itagain by the pow-
er of the spirit, that he may bring to pass the resur-
rection of the dead, being the first that should rise..
Wherefore, he is the first fruits unto God, inasmuch as
he shall make intercession for all the children of men;

and they that believe in him, shall be saved. Andbe-
cause of the intercession for al!, all men come unto
God; wherefore, they stand in the presence of Him,

to be judged of Him, according to the truth and holi-
ness which is in Him. Wheretore, the ends of the law
which the Holy One hath given, unto the inflicting of
the punishment which is affixed, which punishment
that is affixed is in opposition to that of the happiness
whica is aflixed, to answer the ends of the atonement;

for it must needs be, that there is an opposition in all
things. If not so; my first born in the wilderness,’
righteousness could not be brought -to pass; neither
wickedness; neither holiness nor misery; neither good
nor bad. Wherefore, all things must needs be a com-
pound in one; wherefore, if it should be one body, it
must needs remain as dead, having no life, neither
death nor corruption, nor ineorruption, happiness nor
misery, neither sense nor insensibility. Wherefore,

it must needs have been created for a thing of nought;

wherefore, there would have been no purpose in the
end of its creation. Wherefore, this thing must needs
destroy the wisdom of-God,'and his eternal purposes;

and also, the power, and the mercy, and the justice of
God. And if ye shall say there is no law, ye shall al-
80 say there is no sin. If ye shall say there is no sin,

ye shall also say there is no righteousness. And if
