ye shall keep my commandments, ye shall prosper
in the land; and inasmuch as ye will not keep my
commandments, ye shall be cut off from my presence.
But behold, my sons and my daughters,  cannot go
down to my grave, save I should leave a blessing up-
on you: For behold, I know that if ye are brought
up in the way ye should go, ye will not depart from
it. Wherefore, if ye are cursed, behold, I leave my
blessing upon you, that the cursing may be taken
from you, and be answered upon the heads of your

arents. Wherefere, because of my blessing, the

ord God will not suffer that ye shall perish; where-
fore, he will be merciful unto you, and unto your seed
forever.

And it came to pass that after my father had made
an end of speaking to the sons and: daughters of La-
man, he caused the sons and daughters of Lemuel to
be brought before him. And he spake unto them,
saying: Behold, my sons and my daughters, who are
the sons and the daughters of my second son; behold,
I leave unto you the same blessing which I left unto
the sons and daughters of Laman; wherefore, thou
shalt not’ utterly be destroyed; but in the end thy
seed shall be blessed.

And it came to pass that when my father had made
an end of speaking unto them, behold, he spake unto
the sons of Ishmael, yea, and even all his household.
And after he had made an end of speaking unto them,
he spake unto Sam, saying: Blessed art thou, and thy
seed: tor thou shalt inherit the land, like unto thy
brother Nephi. And. thy seed shall be numbered with
his seed; and thou shalt be even like unto thy broth-
er, and thy seed like unto his seed; and thou shalt be
blessed in all thy days.

And it came to pass after my father Lehi had spok-
en unto all his household, according to the feelings of
his heart, and the spirit of the Lord which was in
him, he waxed old. And.it came to pass that he died,
and was buried.

And it came to pass that not many days after his
death, Laman andLemuel, and the sons of: Ishmael,
were angry with me because of the admonitions of the
Lord: for I, Nephi, was constrained to speak unto
them, according to his word. ForI had spake many
things unto them, and also my father, before his
death; many of which sayings, are written upon
mine other plates: for a more history part are written
