upon mine other plates. And upon these, I write the
things of my soul, and many of the scriptures which
are engraven upon the plates of brass: For my soul
delighteth in the scriptures, and my heart pondereth
them, and writeth them for the learning and the profit
of my children. Behold, my soul delighteth in the
things of the Lord; and my heart pondereth continu-
ally upon the things which I have seen and heard..
Nevertheless, the great goodness of the Lord, in
shew ing me his great and marvellous works, my heart
exclaimeth, O wretched man that] am; yea, my heart
sorroweth because of my flesh. My soul grieveth be-
cause of mine iniquities. I am encompassed about
because of the temptations and the sing which doth so
easily beset me. And whenI desire to rejoice, my
heart groaneth because of my sins; nevertheless, f
know in whom I have trusted. My God hath. been
my support; he hath led me through mine afilictions
in the wilderness; and he hath preserved me upon the
waters of the great deep. He hath filled me with his
love, even unto the consuming of my flesh... He hath
confounded mine enemies, unto the causing of them
to quake before me. Behold, he hath: heard my cry
by day, and he hath given me knowledge by visions in
the night time, And by day have I waxed bold in
mighty prayer before him; yea, my voice have I sent
up on high; and angels came down. and ministered
unto me. And upon the wings of his spirit hath my
body been carried away upon exceeding high moun-
tains. And mine eyes have beheld great things; yea,
even too great for man; therefore I was bidden that I
should not write them. O then, if I have seen so
great things; if the Lord in his condescension unto
the children of nen, hath visited men in so much mer-
cy why should my heart weep, and my soul linger in
the valley of sorrow, and my flesh waste away, and
my strength slacken, because of mine afflictions?. And
why should [ yield to sin, because of my flesh? Yea,
why should I give way to temptations, that the evil
one have place.in my hawt, to destroy, my peace and
afflict my soul? hy am I angry because of mine
enemy? Awake, my soul! No longer droop. in.sin.
Rejoice O my heurt, and give place no more for the
enemy of my soul. Do not anger again, because of
mine enemies. Do not slacken my. strength, because
of mine afflictions... Rejoice, O. my heart, and cry. un-
tothe Lord,.and say, Q Lord, I will. praise. thee for-
