ever; yea, my soul will rejoice in thee, my God, and
the rock of my salvation. -O Lord, wilt thou redeem
my soul? Wilt thou deliver: me out of the hands of
mine enemies? Wilt thou make me that I may shake
at the appearance of sin? May the gates of hell be
shut continually before me, because that my heart is
broken and my spirit is contrite? O Lord, wilt thou
not shut the gates of thy righteousness before me,
that I may walk in the path of the low valley, that 1
may be strict in the plain road? O Lord, wilt thou
encircle me around in the rob? of thy righteousness?
O Lord, wilt thou make a way for mine escape before
mine enemies? Wilt thou make my path straight be-
fore me? Wilt thou not place a stumbling block in
my way? But that thou wouldest clear my way be-
fore me, and hedge not up my way, but the ways of
of mine enemy. O Lord, I have trusted in thee, and
I will trust in thee forever. I will not put my trust
in the arm of flesh; for I know that cursed is he that
putteth his trust in the arm of flesh. Yea, cursed:is
he that putteth his trust in man, or maketh flesh his
arm. Yea, I know that God will give liberally to him
that asketh. Yea, my God will give me, if I ask not
amiss: therefore I will lift up my voice unto thee;
yea, I will cry unto thee, my God, the rock of my
righteousness. Behold, my voice shall forever ascend

up unto thee, my rock and mine everlasting God.
Amen.

aa

CHAPTER IV.

Brnorp, it came to pass that I, Nephi, did cry
much unto the Lord my God, because of the anger of
my brethren. But behold, their anger did increase
against me; insomuch that they did seek to take away
my life. Yea, they did murmur against me, saying:
Our younger brother thinks to rule over us; and we
have had much trial because of him; wherefore, now
let us slay him, that we may not be afflicted more be-
cause of his words. For behold, we will not have
him to be our ruler: for it belongs unto us, who are
the elder brethren, to ruleover this people. Now I
do not write upon these. plates, all the words. which:
