they murmured against me. But it sufficeth mie to
say, that they did seek to take away my life.

And it came to pass that the Lord did warn me,
that I, Nephi, should depart from them, and flee into
the wilderness, and all those who would go with me.
Wherefore, it came to pass that I, Nephi, did take my
family, and also Zoram and his family, and Sam,
mine elder brother, and his family, and Jacob and Jo-
seph, my younger brethren, and also my sisters, and
all those who would go with me. And all those who
would go with me, were those who believed in the
warnings and the revelations of God; wherefore, they
did hearken unto my words. And we did take our
tents and whatsoever things were possible for us, and
did journey in the wilderness for the space of many
days. And after we had journied for the space of
many days, we did pitch our tents. And my people
oa that we should call the name of the place Ne-
phi; wherefore, we did call it Nephi. And all those
who were with me, did take upon them to call them-
selves the people of Nephi. And we did observe to
keep the judgments, and the statutes, and the com-
mandments of the Lord, in all things, according to the
law of Moses. And the Lord was with us; and we did
prosper exceedingly: for we did sow seed, and we did
reap again in abundance. And we began to raise
flocks, and herds, and animals of every kind. And I,
Nephi, had also brought the records which were en-
graven upon the plates of brass; and also the ball, or
compass, which was prepared for my father, by the
hand of the Lord, according to that which is written.

And it came to pass that we began to prosper ex-
ceedingly, and to multiply in the land. And I, Ne-
phi, did take the sword of Laban, and after the man-
ner of it did make many swords, lest by any means
the people who were now called Lamanites, should
come upon us and destroy us: for I knew their hatred
towards me and my children, and those who were
called my people. And I did teach my people, . to
build buildings; and to work in all manner of wood;
and of iron, and of copper, and of brass, and of steel,
and of gold, and of silver, and of precious ores, which
were in great abundance. And J, Nephi, did builda
temple; and I did construct it after the :manner of the
temple of Solomon, save it were not built of so many
precious things: for they were not to be found upon
the land; wherefore, it could not be built like unto
