house of Israel; wherefore, they may be likened unto
you: for ye are of the house of Israel. And there are
many things which have been spoken by Isaiah,
which may be likened unto you, because ye are of the
house of Israel. 

And now, these are the words: Thus saith the
Lord God: Behold, I will lift up mine hand to the
Gentiles, and set up my standard to the people; and
they shall bring thy sons in their arms, and thy daugh-
ters shall be carried upon their shoulders. And kings
shall be thy nursing fathers, and their queens thy nurs-
ing mothers: they shall bow down to thee with their
faces towards the earth, and lick up the dust of thy
feet; and thou shalt know that I am the Lord: for
they shall not be ashamed that wait for me.

And now J, Jacob, would speak somewhat con-
cerning these words: For behold, the Lord has shewn
- me that those who were at Jerusalem, from whence
we came, have been slain and carried away captive;
nevertheless, the Lord has shewn unto me that they
should return again, And.he also has shewn unto
me, that. the Lord God, the Holy One of Israel,
should manifest himself unto them in the flesh; and
after he should manifest himself, they should scourge
him and crucify him, according to the words of. the
angel, who spake it unto me. And after they have
hardened their hearts and stiffened their necks against
the Holy One of Israel, behold, the judgments of the
Holy One of Israel shall come upon them. And the
day cometh that they shall be smitten and afflicted.
Wherefore, after they are driven to and fro, for thus
saith the angel, many shall be afflicted in the flesh
and shall not be suffered to perish, because. of the
prayers of the faithful, they shall be scattered, and
smitten, and hated; nevertheless, the Lord will be
merciful unto them, that when they shall come to the
knowledge of their Redeemer, they shall be gathered
together again to the lands oftheir inheritance.

And blessed are the Gentiles, they of whom the
prophet has written: for behold, if itso be that they
shall repent and fight not against Zion, and do not
unite themselves to that great and abominable church,
they shall be saved: for the LordGod will fulfil his
covenants which he has made unto his children} and
for this cause the prophet has written these things.
Wherefore, they that fight against Zion and the cov-
enant people of the Lord, shall lick up the dust of their:
