to the smiter, and my cheeks to them that plucked off
the hair. -I hid not my face from shame and spitting,
for the Lord God will help me: therefore shall I not
be confounded. Therefore have I set my face like a
flint, and I know that I shall not be ashamed; and the
Lord is,near, and he justifieth me. Who. will con-
tend with met let us stand together. Who is mine
adversary? let him come near me, andI will smite him
with the strength of my mouth: forthe Lord God will
help me. And all they who shall condemn me, be-
hold, all they shall wax old as a garment, and the
moth shall eat them up.

Who is among you that feareth the Lord; that obey-
eth the voice of hig servant; that 4valketh in darkness,
and hath no light? Behold, all ye that kindle fire,
that compass yourselves about with sparks, walk in
the. light of your fire, and in the sparks which ye
have kindled. This shall ye have of mine hand: Ye
shall jie down in sorrow. Hearken unto me, ye that
follow after righteousness: Look unto the rock from
whence ye are hewn, and to the hole of the pit from
whence ye are digged. Look unto Abraham, your
father, and unto Sarah, she that bare you: for I call-
ed him alone, and blessed him. For the Lord shall
comfort Zien: he will comfort all her waste places;
and he will make her wilderness like Eden, and her
desert like the garden of the Lord. Joy and gladness
shall be found therein, thanksgiving and the voice of
melody. Hearken unto me, my people; and give ear
unto me, O my nation: :for a law shall proceed from
me, and I will make my judgment to rest for a light
for the people. My righteousness is near; my salva-
tion is gone forth, and mine arm shall judge the pee-
ple. The isles shall wait upon me, and on mine arm
shall they trust. Lift up your eyes to the heavens,
and look upon the earth beneath: for the heavens
shall vanish away like smoke, and the earth shall wax
old like a garment; and they that dwell therein, shall
die in like manner. But my salvation shall be forever;
and my righteousness shall not be abolished.

Hearken unto me, ye that know righteousness, the
people in whose heart I have written my law; fear ye
not the reproach of men; neither be ye afraid of their
revilings; for the moth shall eat them up like a gar-
ment, and the worm shall eat them. like wool...,But
my righteousness shall be forever; and my salvation
from generation to generation.
