ment, and their righteousness, being clothed with pu-
tity, yea, even with the robe of righteousness. -

And it shall come to pass, that when all men shall
have passed from this first death unto life, insomuch
as they have become immortal, they must appear be-
fore the judgment seat of the Holy One of Israel; and
then cometh the judgment, and then must they be
judged according to the holy judgment of God. And
assuredly, as the Lord liveth, for the Lord God hath
spoken it, and it is his eternal word, which. cannnot
pass away, that they who are righteous, shall be right-
eous still, and they who are filthy, shall be filthy still;
wherefore, they who are filthy, are the devil and his
angels; and they shall go away into everlasting fire,
prepared four them; and their torment is as a lake of
fire and brimstone, whose flames ascendeth up forever
and ever, and has no end.

O the greatness and the justice of our God! For
he executeth al] his words, and they have gone forth
out of his mouth, and his law must be fulfilled. But,
behold, the righteous, the saints of the Holy One of
Israel, they who have believed in the Holy One of Is-
rael; they who have endured the crosses of the world,
and despised the shame of it; they shall inherit the
kingdom of God, which was prepared for them from
the foundation of the world: and their joy shall be full
forever.

O the greatness of the mercy of our God, the Holy
One of Israel!’ For he delivereth his saints from that
awful monster the devil, and death and hell, and that
lake of fire and brimstone, which is endless torment.

O how great the holiness of our God! For he
knoweth all things, and there is not any thing, save
he knows it. And-he cometh into the world that he
may save all men, if they will hearken unto his voice:
for behold, he suffereth the pains of all.men; yea,
the pains of every hving creature, both. men women
and children, who belong to the family of Adam, And
he suffereth this, that the resurrection might pass up-
on all men, that all might stand before him, at. the
great and judgment day. And he commandeth all
men that they must repent, and be baptised in his
name, having perfect faith in the Holy One of Israel,
or they cannot be saved in the kingdom of God. And
if they will not repent and believe. in,,his. name, ,and
be baptised in his name, and: -endure-to the end) they
must be damned; for the Lord God, the Holy One of
