Israel has spoken it; wherefore he has given a law;
and where there is no law given, there is no punish-
ment; and where there is no punishment, there isno
condemnation; and where there is no condemnation,
the mercies of the Holy One of Israel have claim up-
on them, because of the atonement: for they are de-
livered by the power of him: for the atonement satis-
fieth the demands of his justice upon all those who
have not the law given to them, that they are deliver-
ed from that awful monster, death and hell, and the
devil, and the lake of fire and brimstone, which is end-
less torment; and they are restored to that God: who
gave them breath, which is the Holy One of Israel.

But wo unto him that has the law given; yea, that
has all the commandments of God, like unto us, and
that transgresseth them, and that wasteth the days of
his probation; for awful is his state!

O that cunning plan of the evil one! O the vain-
ness, and the frailties, and the foolishness of men!
When they are learned, they think they are wise, and
they hearken not unto the counsel of God, for they
set it aside, supposing they know of themselves..
wherefore, their wisdom is foolishness, and it profiteth
them not, And they shall perish.

But to be learned is good, if they hearken unto the
counsels of God. But wo unto the rich, who are rich
as to the things of the world, For because they are
rich, they despise the poor, and they persecute the
meek, and their hearts are upon their treasures: where-
fore their treasure is their God. And behold, their
treasure shall perish with them also. And wo unto
the deaf, that will not hear: for they shall perish..
Wo unto the blind, that will not see: for they shall
perish also. Wo unto the uncircumcised of heart:
for a knowledge of their iniquities shall smite them at
the last day. Wo unto the liar: for he shall be thrust
down to hell. Wo unto the murderer, who deliber-
erately killeth: for he shall die. Wo unte them who
commit whoredoms: for they shall be thrust down to
hell. Yea, wo unto those that worship idols: for the
devil of all devils delighteth in them. And, in fine,
wo unto all those who die in their sins: for they shall
return to God, and behold his face, and remain in
their sins,

O, my beloved brethren, remember the awfulness in
transgressing against that holy'God, and also the aw-
fulness of yielding to the enticings of that cunning
