that many of our children shall perish in the flesh, be-
eause of unbelief, nevertheless, God will be merciful
unte many} and our children shall be restored, that
they may come to that which will give them the true
knowledge of their Redeemer. Wherefore as I said
unto you, it must needs be expedient that Christ, (for
in the last night the angel spake unto me that this
should be his name,) should come among the Jews,
among those who are the more wicked part of the
world; and they shall crucify him: For thus it be-
hooveth our God; and there is none other nation on
earth that would crucify their God. For should the
mighty miracles be wrought among other nations,
they would repent, and, know that he be their God;
but because of priest-crafts and iniquities, they at Je-
rusalem will stiffen their necks against him, that he be
crucified. Wherefore, because of their iniquities, des-
tructions, famines, pestilences, and bloodsheds, shall
come upon them; and they who shall not be destroy-
ed, shall be scattered among all nations.

But behold, thus saith the Lord God: When the
day cometh that they shall believe in. me, that Iam
Christ, then have I covenanted with their fathers that
they siall be restored in the flesh, upon the earth, un-
to the lands of their inheritance. And it shall come
to pass that they shall be gathered in from theirlong
dispersion, from the isles of the sea, and.from the four
parts of the eartli; and the nations of the Gentiles shall
be great in the eyes of me, saith God, in carrying
thein forth to the lands of their inheritance. Yea, the
kings of the Gentiles shall be nursing fathers unto
them, and their queens shall become nursing mothers;
wherefore, the promises ofthe Lord are great unto the
Gentiles, for he hath spoken it, and who can dispute?
But behold, this land, saith God, shall be a land of
thine inheritance; and the Gentiles shall be blessed
upon tne land. And this land shall be a land of liber-
ty unto the Gentiles; and there shall be no kings up-
on the land, wo shall raise up unto the Gentiles,.
And I will fortify this land against all other nations;
and he that fighteth against Zion, shall perish, saith
God: for he that raiseth up a king against me, shall
perish. For the Lord, tne king of heaven, will be
their king; and I will be alight unto them forever,
that hear my words. Wherefore, for this cause, that
my covenants may be fulfilled, which I have made un-
