pictures. And the loftiness of man shall be bowed
down, and the haughtiness of men shall be made low:
and the Lord alone shall be exaltedin that day. And
the idols he shall utterly abolish...And they shall go
into the holes of the rocks, and into the caves of the
earth, for the fear of the Lord shall come upon them;
and the glory of his majesty shall smite them, when
he ariseth to shake terribly the earth. In that day. a
man shall cast his idols of silver, and his idols of gold,
which he hath made for himself to worship, to the
moles and to the bats; to go into the clefts of the
rocks, and into the tops of the ragged rocks, for. the
fear of the Lord shall come upon them, and the majes-
ty of his glory shall smite them when he ariseth to
shake terribly the earth. Cease ye from man, whose
breath is in his nostrils: for wherein is he to be ac-
counted of!

For behold, the Lord, the Lord of hosts, doth take
away from Jerusalem and from Judah the stay and the
staff, the whole staff of bread, and the whole stay of
water, the mighty man, and the man of war, the judge,
and the prophet, and the prudent, and the ancient, the
captain of fitty, and the honorable man, and the coun-
sellor, and the cunning artificer, and the eloquent or-
ator, And I will give children.unto them to be their
princes, and babes shall rule over them. And the peo-
ple shall be oppressed, every one-by another, and eve-
ry one by his neighbor: the child shall behave himself
proudly against the ancient, and the base against the
honorable. When a man shall take hold of his broth-
er of the house of his father, and shall say, thou hast
clothing, be thou our ruler, and let not this ruin come
under thy hand: in that day shall he swear, saying, I
will not be a healer; for in my house there is neither
bread nor clothing:. make me not a ruler of the people.
For Jerusalem is ruined, and Judah is fallen: because
their tongues and their doings have been against the
Lord, to provoke the eyes of his glory.

The shew of their countenance doth witness against
them, and doth declare their sin to be even as Sodom,
and they cannot hide it. Wo unto their souls! for
they have rewarded evil unto themselves.. Say unto
the righteous, that it is well with them: for they shall
eat the fruit of their doings. Wo unto the wicked!

for they shall perish: for the reward of their hands
shall be upon them, e awe
