And my people, children are their oppressors,  and
women rule over them. O-my people, they who lead
thee caust thee to err, and destroy the way of th
paths. The Lord standeth up to plead, and standet
to judge the people. The Lord will enter into judg-
ment with the ancients of his people, and the princes
thereof: for ye have eaten up the vineyard, and the
spoil of the poor in your houses. What mean ye?.
Ye beat my people to gicces, and grind the faces of the
poor, saith the Lord God of hosts.

Moreover the Lord saith, because the daughters of
Zion are haughty, and walk with stretched forth necks
and wanton eyes, walking and mincing as they go,
and making a tinkling with their feet: therefore: the
Lord will smite with a scab the crown of the head of
the daughters of Zion, and the Lord will discover their
secret parts. Inthat day the Lord will take away the
bravery of their tinkling ornaments, and cauls, and
round tires like. the moon, the chains and the brace-
lets, and the mufflers, the bonnets, and the ornaments
of the legs, and the head-bands, and the tablets and
the ear-rings, the rings, and nose-jewels, the changa-
ble suits of apparel, and the mantles, and the wimples,
and the crisping-pins, the glasses, and the fine linen,
and hoods, and the vails.

And it shall come to pass, instead of sweet smell,
there shall be stink;:and instead of a girdle, a rent;
and instead cf well set hair, baldness; and instead’ of
a stomacher, a girding of sackcloth: burning instead
of beauty. Thy men shall fall by the sword, and thy
mighty in the war. And her gates shall lament and
mourn; and she shall be desolate, and shall sit upon
the ground.

And in that day, seven women shall take hold of one
man, saying, we will eat ourown bread, and wear our
own apparel: only let us be called by thy name, to
take away our reproach. In that day shall the branch
of the Lord be beautiful and glorious; the fruit of the
poet ctcalet and comely to them that are escaped of

srael,

And it shall come to pass, them that are left in Zi-
on, and remain in Jerusalem, shall be called holy, ev-
ery one that is written among the living in Jerusalem:
when the Lord shall have washed away the filth of the
daughtersof Zion, and shall have purged the blood of
Jerusalem from the midst thereof by the spirit of judg-
ment, and by the spirit of burning. And the Lierd
