will create upon every dwelling-place of mount Zion,
and upon her assemblies, a cloud and smoke by day,
and the shining of a flaming fire by night: for upon
all the: glory of Zion shall be adetence. And there
shall be a tabernacle for a shadow in the day time
fron: the heat, and for a place of refuge, and a covert
from storm and from rain.

And then wil I sing to my well beloved a song of
my beloved touching his vineyard. My well beloved
hath a vineyard in a very fruitful hill: and he fenced
it, and gathered out the stones thereof, and planted it
with the choicest vine, and built a tower in the midst
of it, and also made a wine-press therein; and he look-
ed that it should bring forth grapes, and it brought
forth wild grapes. And now, O inhabitants of Jeru-
salem, and men of Judah, judge, [ pray you, betwixt
me and my vineyard. What could have been done
more to my vineyard, that I have not done in it].
Wherefore, when I looked that it should bring forth
grapes, it brought forth wild grapes. And now go to;

will tell you what I will doto my vineyard: I will
take away the hedge thereof, and it shall be eaten up;
and I will break down the wal! thereof, and it shall be
trodden down: and I[ will lay it waste: it shall not be
pruned nor digged; but there shall come up briers and
thorns: I will also command the’clouds that they
rain no rain upon it. For the vineyard of the Lord of
hosts is the house of Israel, and the men of Judah his
<e plant: and he looked for judgment, and be-

old oppression; for righteousness, but behold a ery.

Wo unto them that join house to house, till there
can be no place, that.they may be placed alone in the
midst of the earth! In mine ears said the Lord of
hosts, of a truth many houses shall be desolate, and
great. and fair cities without inhabitant. Yea, ten
acres of vineyard shall yield onebath, and the seed of
a homer shall yieldanephah. .

Wo unto them that rise up early in the morning,
that they may follow strong drink; that continue until
night, and wine inflame them! And the harp, and
the viol, the tabret, and pipe, and wine are in their
feasts; but they regard not the work of the Lord, nei-
ther consider the operation of his hands.

Therefoie my people are gone into captivity, because
they have no knowledge: and their-honorable men are
famished, and their multitude dried: up with thirst..
Therefore hell hath enlarged herself, and,opened her
