mouth without :imeasure: :and: their glory, and. their.
muititadey:and {heir pomp;and:he that rejoicethy shall
descend into it. And the mean man shall be brought
down, and the mighty man shall be humbled, and the
eyes of the lofty shall-be--humbled: but the Lord of
hosts shall be exalted in judgment, and God that is ho-
ly shall be sanctified in righteousness. . Then shall
the lambs feed after Aheir manner, and the waste pla-
ces of the fat ones shall strangers eat. Wo unto
them that-draw iniquity. with cords of vanity, and sin
as it were with a cart-rope:, that say; let.him make
speed, hasten +his work,. that-we may)see it: and let
the counsel of the Holy One.of Israel. draw. nigh and
come, that we may know it. bss

Wo unto them that call. evil good, and.good evil;
that put darkness for: light; an light for darkness;
that put bitter for sweet, and sweet for bitter! Wo
unto the wise in.their.own eyes, and prudent in their
own sight! Wo unto the mighty to drink wine, and
men of strength to. mingle.strong drink: who; justify
the wicked for reward, and take away the righteous-
ness. of the righteous from him!  Therefore.as the fire
devoureth'the stubble, and the flame consumeth. the
chaff, their root shall berottenness, and their blossoms
shall go up as dust: because they have cast away the
law ofthe Lord of hosts, and despised the word of the
Holy One of Israel... Therefore, is the anger of the
Lord: kindled against his people, and he hath stretched
forth his hand against-them, and, hath smitten them:
and the hills did<tremble, and. their carcasses . were
torn-in:the midst. of the streets.. For all this his anger
is not. turned away, but his hand stretched out still,

And-he will lift up an. ensign to. the nations. from
far, and will-hiss untothem from the end of the earth;
and behold, they shall come: with speed swiftly:. none
shall be weary nor stumble among: them; none shall
slumber nor sleep; neither.shall the girdle of their
loins be loosed, nor the .latchet of their shoes be bro-
ken: .whose: arrows shall be sharp, and all their hows
bent, and their horses’ hoofs shall: be counted like flint,
and their wheels like a whirlwind, their roaring like a
lion.: They: shall roar like young. lions:. yea, they
shall roar, and Jay hold of: the prey,..and shall :carry
away, safe,:and none shall: deliver... And.in.that.day
they shallroar against them like the roaring.of.the sea:
