king’of Syria, and Pekah:the son of'Remaliah, king of
Israel, went up towards Jerusalem .to war against it,
but could not prevail against/it: And-it was told -the
house of David, saying, Syriais..confederate -with
Ephraim.  Andhis heart. wasmoved, and the heart of
hispeople, as the trees’of the.-wood: are moyed with
the wind. Then said the Lord-unto Isaiah, go forth
now to meet Ahaz, thou, and Shearjashub thy son,-at
the end of the conduit of the upper-pool: in the high-
way of the fuller’s field; and say unto him, take heed,
be quiet; fear not, neither be faint-hearted for the
dwo tails of these smoking  fire-brands, for =the fierce
anger of Rezin with Syria, arid of the son:of Remalia.
Because Syria, Ephraim, andthe son of Remalia, have
taken evil counsel against thee, saying, let us go up
against Judah, and vex it, and let us make a breach
therein for us, and set a king in the midst of it, yea
the son of Tabeal: thus saith the Lord God, it shal!
not stand, neither shall it come to pass. For the head
of Syria is Damascus, and the head of Damascus, Re-
zin: and within threescore and five years shall Ephraim
be broken, that it be nota people. And the .head of
Ephraim.is Samaria, and the head of Samaria is Re-
malia’s son. If ye will not believe, surely ye shall
not be established. ©
Moreover, the Lord spake again unto Ahaz, saying,
ask thee a sign of the Lord thy God; ask it either in
the depths, or in the heights above. But -Ahaz said-I
will not ask, neither will I tempt the Lord. And he
said; hear ye now, O house of David;' is ita small
thing for you to weary men, but will ye weary: my
God also? Therefore the Lord himself shall give you
a sign: Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and shall
bear a son, and shall call his name Inimanuel. Butter
and honey shall he eat, that he may know to refuse
the evil, and te choose the good. .For before the
child shall know to refuse the evil and choose the good,
the land that thou abhorrest shall be fordaken of both
vee ees  :
The Lord shall bring upon thee,-and upon thy peo-
ple, and upon thy father’s house, days that have not
come; ftom: the nae Ephraim: departed from Ju-
dah,:the king of Assyria. And:it shall come to pass
in-that day, that the Lord shall hiss for the-fly thatis
in: the uttermost part.of Egypt; and for the bee that is
imthe landof: Assyria, And they-shall come, and shall
