Wo-unto them that decree unrighteous decrees, and
that write. grievousness which they. have. prescribed;
to turn away the needy from judgment, and to.take
away the right from the poor of my people, that. wid-
ows may be their prey, and that they may rob the:fa-
-therless!. And what will ye doin the day of visita-
tion, and in the desolation which shall come from far?
to whom will ye flee for help? and-where-will ye leave -
your glory? Without me they shall.bow down under
the prisoners, and they. shall fall under the slain..
For al! this his anger is not turned away, butvhis-hand
stretched out still.

O Assyrian, the rod of mine anger, and the:staff in
their hand is their indignation. I will send him against
a hypocritical. nation, and against.the people of my
wrath wall } give him a charge, to take the spoil, and
to take the prey, and to tread them down like the mire
of the streets. Howbeit he meaneth not. so, neither
doth his heart: think so; but in his heart it is to des-
troy, and cut-off nations not a few. For he saith, Are
not my. princes altogether: kings? . Is not Calno as
Carchemish? Isnot Hamath as Arpad? Is not Sa-
maria as Damaseus? . As my hand hath founded the
kingdoms of the idols, and whdse graven images did
excel them of: Jerusalern and of Samaria; shall: J not,
as ] have dene unto Samaria and her idols, so do to
Jerusalem and to her idols?: Wherefore it shall come 
to pass; that when.the Lord hath performed his whole
work upon mount Zion and: upon Jerusalem, I will
punish the fruit of the stout heart of the king of Assyr-
ja, and the glory of his high looks. For he saith, by
the strength of- my hand .and by, my wisdom. I have
done these things: for 1 am prudent: and  havemov-
ed the borders:of the people, and have robbed. their
treasures, and ] have put down the inhabitants likea
valiant man: and my hand hath found as a nest the
riches ef the people: and. as one gathereth eggs that
are left, -have I gathered all-the earth; and there was
none that moved the wing, or. opened the mouth,’or

eeped.... Shall the axe beast itself against him that

eweth therewith?)' Shall the: saw magnify - itself
against him that shaketh it? as if the rod should shake
itself against: them:that. lift it up; or as if the staff
should. lift up itself, asf it were no wood...  Therefore
shall-the Luord,:the Lord of hosts;send among-hisfat
ones leanness; and under hisvglory.he shall Findle.
burning like the burning of a fire. And the light of
