Israelshall:be.for a,fire, and his Holy One for aflame,
and shalhburn.and shall devour his thorns and: his.bri-
ers in one day; and’shall consume the glory of his for-
est; and of his fruitful field, both soul and body;: and
they shall be as when a standard-bearer faintethy.
And the-rest of the trees of his forest shall.be few, that
a child may write them. a nang
And. it shall come to pass in that day, that-the-rem-
nant of Israel, and suchas are escaped’ of the house of
Jacob, shall no more again stay upon: him that smote
them; but shall stay upon the Lord, the Holy One of
Israel, in truth. The remnant shall return, yea, even
the .remnant-of Jacob, unto the mighty God. For
though thy people Israel :be as the sand of the sea, yet
a remnant of them:shall return: the consumption de-
creed shall overflow with righteousness. For the Lord
God of: hosts shall make a consumption, even-deter-
mined, in all the land. od
Therefore thus saith the Lord God of hosts; Omy
people that dwellest in Zion, be not afraid of the iAs-
syrian; he shall smite thee with a rod, and shall lift up
his staff against thee, after the. manner of Egypt. For
yet avery little while, and the indignation shall cease,
and-miine anger in their destruction. And the Lord
of hosts shall stir up a scourge for him according to
the slaughter of Midian at the. rock: of Oreb;and:as
his rod was upon thesea, so shall he lift it up after
the manner of Egypt. And it shall come to pass in
thatday, that his burden shall be taken away from off
thy shoulder, and his. yoke from off thy neck, and the
yoke shall be destroyed because of the anointing. He
is come to Aiath, he is passed to Migron; at Mich-
mush he hath laid up his carriages; they are-gone over
the passage; they have taken up their lodging at Ge-
ba; Ramath is afraid; Gibeah of Saul is fled.  Lift up
the voice, O daughter of Gallim; cause it.to be heard
unto.Laish, O poor Anathoth.: Madmenah is remov-
ed; the inhabitants, of Gebim gather themselves. to
flee: Asyet shall he remain at Nob that day; -he-shall
shake his hand against the mount-of the daughter of
Zion, the hill of Jerusalem. Behold, the Lord, the
Lord of hosts shall. lop the bough with-terror; and:the
high ones of stature shall be hewn down;, and the
haughty shall. be humbled.:: And he-shall cut down
the. thickets; of.-the-forests: with iron, and Lebanon
shall fall by a mighty-ones oo.) be vated caeeeis
