for servants and handmaids: and, they shall take them
captives, unto whom they were: captives; and. they
shall rule over their oppressors.. -And it shall come to
passin that day that the Lord.shall give thee. rest,
from thy sorrow, and from thy fear, and from the hard
bondage. wherein thou, wast made to serve. . , te hy
And it’ shall come. to pass,in that day, that .thou
shalt take up this proverb against the king of Babylon,
and say, how hath the oppressor ceased, :the golden
city ceased! The Lord hath broken the. staff of the
wicked, the sceptres of the rulers. He whosmote the
people in wrath, with a continual stroke, he that ruled
the nations in anger, is persecuted, and none hinder.
eth. The, wholeearth is at rest, and is quiet:. they
break forth into singing., Yea, the fir-trees rejoice, at
thee, and also the cedars of. Lebanon, saying, since
thou art laid down, no feller is come up against us..
Hell from beneath is moved for thee to meet thee at
thy coming: it stirreth up the dead for thee, even all
the chief ones of the earth: it. hath raised up from
their thrones all the kings. of the nations.. All they
shall speak and say unto thee, art thou, also become
weak as we? Art thou become like unto.us?. Thy
pomp is brought down to the grave; the noise of thy
viels is not. heard; the worm.is spread under thee,
and the worms cover thee. How art thou fallen from
heaven, O Lucifer, son of the morning! Art thou cut
down to the ground, which did weaken the nations!
For thou hast. said in thy heart, I will ascend. into
heaven, [ will exalt:my throne above the stars of God:
I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation, in
the sides of the north; I will ascend above the heights
of the clouds; I willbe like the Most High, ¥et:thou
shalt be brought down to hell, to the sides of.the:pit.
They that.see thee shall narrowly look upon thee, and
shall:consider thee, and shall:say, is this the man that
made.the.earth to tremble, that did shake kingdoms,
andmade the world asa wilderness, and destroyed the
cities thereof, and opened not the house of his prison-
ers? All the kings ofthe nations, yea, all of them,,lie
in glory, every. one.of them. in his own house... But
thou art cast out.of thy. grave like an. abominable
branch, and the remnant of those that are slain, thrust
through with a swerd, that go down. to the stones of
the-pit;. asa carcass.trodden under feet.. Thou shalt
Hol-be joined, with them. in. burial,,. because thou hast
destroyed, thy land, and.slain thy people:. the seedof
