evil-doersishall never.-be renowned, ; Prepare. -slaugh-
ter for;-hig children.for the iniquities of their-fathers;
that they do-not rise, nor possess the-land, nor fill. the
face of. the word with cities. .-.For Iwill riseup ageinet
them, saith the Lord of hosts, and cut off from Baby-
lon: the. name; and remnant, and son,.ahd: nephew,
saith the Lord. I.will also make: it a,possession for
the bittern, and pools of water: and Iwill sweep: it
with:the besom of destruction, saith. the. Lord..of
hosts: .,

The Lord'of hosts hath sworn, saying, surely.as I -
have thought, so shall it.come to pass; and.as I have
purposed, so shall it stand: that 1 will. bring the\Ag-
syrian in my. land,.andupon my mountains tread him .
under foot:.then shall. his: yoke depart.from off. them,
and his..burden depart from off their shoulders. .. This
is the purpose that is purposed upon the whole earth:
and. this is the hand: that:is stretched out upon all na-
tions.. For the Lord of hosts -hath. purposed, and: who
shall disannul?  And his hand stretched: out,.and who
shall tarn:it back? In the year that king Ahaz died
was this burden, tol !

. Rejoice not thou, whole. Palestina, because: the rod
of..him thatsmote thee.is broken: forout of the ser-
pent’s root shall eome forth a cockatrice, and his fruit
shall be a fiery flying serpent. And-the first-born of
the poor .shall feed,.and the needy shall lie down in
safety:: and.'I will kill thy root with: famine, and he
shall :slay.thy remnant, Howl,:O gate; cry, © city;
thou, whole Palestina, art.-dissolved: for rin shall
come from the north a:smoke, and none shall:-be alone
in. his appointed, times. .-What-shall then.answer'the .
messengers of-thenations?. Thatithe Lord hath foun-
ded: Zion, -and the poor of his people shall trust:in it.

CHAPTER: XI:

Now- I, Nephi, do:speak' somewhat concerning the
words which I have written, which vhave been spoken
bythe! mouth’ of Isaiah.: -For behold,’ Isaiah, spake
many things which were:hard: for many of my pedple
to understand: for'they knew not concerning the mans
