onciled to. God; for we know: that it is. by grace that:
we are saved, after all we can-do, eye ons
. And notwithstanding webelieve in: Christ, we keep

the law of Moses,.and look forward.<with steadfastness,
unto Christ, until the law shall.be fulfilled; for, for
this end was the-law given; wherefore, the law-hath
become dead unto us, and we are madealive in Christ,
because of our faith: yet we keep. the law because of
the commandments; and we talk of Christ, we rejoice
in Christ, we preach of Christ; we prophesy of Christ,
and we write according to,our prophecies, that our
children may know to what source they may look for
a remission of their-sins. Wherefore, we -speak con-
cerning the law, that our children may know the dead-
ness of the law; and they, by knowing the deadness
of the law, may look forward unto that life whieh is
in Christ, and know for what.end the law, was given.
And after the law is.fulfilled in Christ, that they need
not harden their hearts against him, when the law
ought to be done away. om

And. now behold, my people, ye are a stiffhecked
people; wherefore, I have spoken plain unto you,
that ye cannot misunderstand.  And the words which
Ihave spoken, shall stand as.a testimony against you:
for they are sufficient to, teach any man the right
way: forthe right way is to believe in Christ and de-
ny him not;. for by, denying him, ye .also deny the
prophets and the law.

And now behold I say unto you, that the right way
is to believe in Christ, and deny him-not; and Christ
is the Holy One of Israel; wherefore ye must bow
down before him, and worship him with, all your
might, mind, and strength, and your whole soul; and
if ye do this, ye shall in no wise be cast out.. And in-
asmuch as it shall be expedient, ye must keep the

erformances and ordinances of God, until. the Jaw
shat be fulfilled which was given unto Moses.- .

And after Christ shall haverisen from the dead, he
shall shew himself unto you, my children, and my: be-
loved brethren; and the words which he shall speak
unto you, shall be the law whib ye shall.do. . For
behold, I say unto.you, that I have beheld that many
generations shall. pass. away, and there shall: be great
wars and contentions among my. people. - And. after
the Messiah shall come, there shall Be.signs given, un-
tomy people-of. his birth,.and-also of.his death .and
