resurrection; and great and terrible shall that day be
unto the wicked; for they shall perish; and they per-
ish because they cast out the prophets, and the saints,
and stone them, and slay them: wherefore the cry of
the blood of the saints shall ascend up to God from
the ground, against them. Wherefore all those who
are proud, and that do wickedly, the day that cometh
shall -burn them up saith the, Lord of hosts, for they
shall be as stubble; and they that kill the prophets,
and the saints, the depths of the earth shall swallow
them up, saith the Lord of hosts; and mountains
shall cover them, and whiirlwinds shall carry them
away, and buildings shall fall upon them, and crush’
them to pieces and grind them to powder; and they
shall be visited with thunderings, and lightnings, and
earthquakes, and all manner of destructions, for the
fire of the-anger of the Lord shall be kindled against
them, and they shall be as stubble, and the day that
cometh shall consume them, saith the Lord of hosts.
O the pain, and the anguish of my soul for the loss
of the slain of my people! For I, Nephi, hath seen
it, and it well nigh consuineth me before the presence
of the Lord; but I must cry unto my God, thy ways
are just. But behold, the righteous, that hearken un-
to the words of the prophets, and destroy them not,
but look forward unto Christ with steadfastness for
the signs which are given, notwithstanding all perse-
cutions; behold they are they which shall not perish.
But the Son of righteousness shall appear unto them;
and he shall heal them, and they shall have peace
with him, until three generations shall have passed
away, and many of the fourth generation shall have
passed away in righteousness. And-when these things
have passed away, a speedy destruction cometh unto
my people; for, notwithstanding the pains of my
soul,  have seen it; wherefore, I know that it shall
come to’pass; and they sell- themselves for nought;
for, for the reward of their pride, and their foolish-
ness, they shall reap destruction; for because they.
yield unto the devil; and choose works of darkness
rather than light; therefore they must go down to
hell, for the spirit of the Lord will not always strive
with man. And when the spirit ceaseth to strive
with man, then. cometh speedy destruction; and this
grieveth my soul. so tat :
And as I spake’ concerning the convincing of -the
Jews, that Jesus is the very Christ, it must needs ba,
