are also secretcombinations,-even as in times of old,
according to the combinations. of the devil, for -heis
the’ foundation of all thes things; yea, thefounda-
tion of, murder, and, works. of darkness; yea, and he
leadeth then: by the neck with a flaxen cord, until he
bindeth them with his strong cords forever. ,
For behold, my beloved brethren, I say:unto you
that the Lord God worketh not in darkness. He
doeth not any thing; save it be for the benefit of the
world; for he loveth the world, even that he layeth
down his own life, that .he may draw all men. unto
him. Wherefore, he commandeth none that they
sail not partake of his salvation. Behold, doth he
cry unto any, saying, depart from me? Behold, [
say unto you nay; but he saith, come unto me all ye
ends of the earth, buy milk and honey, without mon-
ey; and without price. Behold, hath he commanded
any that they should depart out of the synagogues, or
out.of the houses of worship? Behold;  say unte
you, nay... Hath he cominanded any that they should
not pirtake of his salvation? Behold, {say unto you,
nay; but he hath given it free for al} men; and he
hath commanded his people that they should persuade.
all men to repentance. Behold, hath the Lord com-
manded any that they should not partake of his good-
ness?’ Behold; Tsay unto you, nay; but all men are
privileged the one, like unto the other, and none.ate
forbidden. He’eommandeth that there shall be no
priest-crafis; for, behold, priest-crafts are that men
preach and set themselves up for @ light sunto the
world, that they. may get gain, and praise of -the
world; but they seek not the welfare of Zion. Be-
hold, the Lord hath forbidden this thing; wherefore,
the Lord Godhath given a commandinent, that all
men'should have charity, which charity is love. - And
except they should have charity, they were nothing:
wherefore, if they should have charity, they would:not
suffertha laborer in Zion.to perish. But the Iaborer .
in Zion, shall labor for Zion; for if they labor for
money; they shall-perish, And, again, the Lord God
hath commanded that men should not murder; that
they should not lie; that they should not steal; that
they should:not take the name of the Lord their. Ged
in vain; that they should not. envy; that they should
not have:malice: that they: should’ not contend one
with another; that they-should not commit-whore-
doms; and that-they-should:do none of these: things;
