deliver the words of the book, which are the words of
those who have slumbered in. the dust;.and_ he shall
deliver these words unto another; but the words which
are sealed, he shall not deliver, neither shall he deliv-
er the book. For the book shall be: sealed by the
power of God, and the revelation which was sealed,
shall be kept in the book until, the own due-time of
the Lord, that they may come forth: for, behold, they
reveal all things from the foundation of the world,
unto the end thereof. And the day cometh that the
words of the book which were sealed, shall be read
upon the house-tops: and they shall be read by the
power of Christ: :and all things shall be revealed unto
the children of men which ever have been among the
children of men, and which ever will be, even unto
the end of the earth. Wherefore, at that day when
the, book shall be delivered unto the man of whom I
have spoken, the book shall be hid from the eyes of
the world, that the eyes of none shall behold it, save
it be that three witnesses shall belicld it, by the power
of God, besides him to whom the book shall be deliv-
ered; and they shall testify to the truth of the book,
andthe things therein.’ And there is none other
which shall view it, save it be a few, according to the
will of God, to bear testimony of his-word unto the
children of men: for the Lord God hath said, that
the words: of the faithful should speak as if it were
from the dead. Wherefore, the Lord God will pro-
ceed to bring forth the words of the book; and in the
mouth of as many witnesses as seemeth him good,
will he establish his word; and wo be unto him that
rejecteth the word of God.
But behold, it shall come to pass that the Lord God
shall say unto him to whom he shall deliver the book,
take these words. which are not. sealed, and deliver
them to another, that he may- shew them unto the
learned, saying: read this, I pray thee. And the
learned shall say, bringhither the book, and’ I will
read them: and now, because of the glory of the
world, and to get gain, will they say this, and not for
the glory of God. And the man shall say, I cannot
bring the book, for it is sealed. Then shall the learn-
ed say, I cannot read it.. Wherefore it shall come to
pass, that the Lord God will deliver again the book
and the words thereof, to him that'is not learned; and
the man that is not learned; shall say, Iam not Jearn-
ed. Then shall the Lord God say unto him, the
