drink, and be merry,-for to-morrow we die: and it
shall be well with us. And there shall also be many
which shall say, eat,drink, and be merry; neverthe-
less, fear God, he will justify in committing a little
sin; yea, lie a little, take the advantage of one because
of his words, dig a pit for thy neighbor; there is no
harm in this. And do all these things, for to-morrow
we die; and if it so be that we are guilty, God will
beat us witha few stripes, and at last we shall be
saved in the kingdom of God. Yea, and there shall
be many which shall teach after this manner, false,
and vain, and foolish doctrines, and shall be puffed up
in their hearts, and shall seek deep to hide their coun-
sels from the Lord; and their works shall be in the
dark; and the blood of the saints shall cry from the
ground against them. Yea, they have all gene out of
the way; they have become corrupted. Because of
pride, and because of false teachers, and false doctrine,
their churches have become corrupted; and their
churches are lifted up; because of pride, they are puff-
edup. They rob the poor, because of their fine sanc-
tuaries; they rob the poor, because of their fine cloth-
ing; and they persecute the meek, and the poor in
heart; because in their pride, they are puffed up..
They wear stiff necks, and high heads; yea, and be-
cause of pride, and wickedness, and abominations,
and whoredoms, they have all gone astray, save it be
a-few, who are the humble followers of Christ; nev-
ertheless, they are led, that in many instances they do
err, because they are taught by the precepts of men.

O the wise, and the learned, and the rich, that are
puffed up in the pride of their hearts, and all those
who preach false doctrines, and all those who commit
whoredoms, and pervert the right way of the Lord;
wo, wo, wo be unto them, saith the Lord God Als
mighty, for they shall be thrust down to hell.

Wo unto them that turn aside the just for a thin
of nought, and revile against that which is good, an
say that is of no worth: for the day shall come that
the Lord.God will speedily visit the inhabitants of the
earth; and in that day that they are fully ripe in ini-
quity, they-shall perish. But, behold, if the inhabit-
ants of the earth shall repent of their wickedness and
abominations, they shall not be destroyed, saith the
Lord of: hosts; But behold, that great and abomina-
ble church, the whore of all the earth, must tumble to
