spoken ye need not suppose that the Gentiles are ut-
terly destroyed. For behold, I say unto you, that as
many of the Gentiles as will repent, are the covenant
people of the Lord; and as many of the Jews as will
not repent, shall be cast off: for the Lord covenanteth
with none, save it be with them that repent and be-
heve in his Son, who is the Holy One of Israel.

And now, I would prophesy somewhat more con-
cerning the Jews and the Gentiles. For after the
book of which I have spoken shall come forth, and be
written unto the Gentiles, and sealed up again unto
the Lord, there shall be many which shall believe the
words which are written; and they shall. carry them
forth unto the remmant of our seed. And then shall
the remnant of our seed know concerning us, how
that we came out from Jerusalem, and that they are
descendants of the Jews. And the gospel of Jesus
Christ shail be declared among them; wherefore, they
shall be restored unto the knowledge of their fathers,
and also to the knowledge of Jesus Christ, which was
had among their fathers. And thenshall they rejoice:
for they shall know that it isa blessing unto them
from the hand of God; and their scales of darkness
shall begin to fall from their eyes; and many genera-
tions shall not pass away among them, save they shall
be a white and a delightsome people.

And it shall come to pass that the Jews which are
scattered, also shall begin to believe in Christ; and
they shall begin to gather in upon the face of the land;
and as many as shall believe in Christ, shall also be-
come a delightsome people.

And it shall come to pass that the Lord God shall
commence his work, among all nations, kindreds,
tongues, and people, to bring about the restoration ot
his people upon-the earth, And with righteousness shall
the Lord God judge the poor, and reprove with equi-
ty, for the meek of the earth. And he shall smite the
earth with the rod of his mouth; and with the breath
of his lips shall he slay the wicked: for the time
speedily cometh, that the Lord God shall cause a
great division among the people; and the wicked will
he destroy; and he will spare his people, yea, even if
it so be that he must destroy the wicked by fire. And
righteousness shall be the girdle of his loins, and faith-
fulness the girdle of his reins. And then shall the
wolf dwell with the lamb, and the leopard shall lie
down with the kid; and the calf, and the young lion,
