and the fatling, together; and a little child shall lead
them. And the cow and the bear shall feed; their
young ones shall lie down together; and the lion shall
eat straw like the ox. And the sucking child shall
play on the hole of the asp, and the weaned child shall
put his hand on the cockatrice’s den. They shall not
hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain; for the
earth shall be full of the knowledge of the Lord, as
the waters cover the sea.’ Wherefore, the things of
all nations shall'be made known; yea, all things shall
be made known unto the children of men. There is
nothing which is secret, save it shall be revealed;
there is no works of darkness, save it shall be made
manifest in the light; and there is nothing which is
sealed upon the earth, save it shall be Joosed..
Whierefore, all things which have been revealed unto
the children of men, shall at that day be revealed; and
satan shall have power over the hearts of the children
of men no more, for a long time. And now my be-
loved brethren,  must make an end of my sayings.

CHAPTER XIli.

Axp now TI, Nephi, make an end of my prophesy-
ing unto you, my beloved brethren. And I cannot
write but afew things, which J know must surely
come to pass; neither can I write but afew of the
words of my brother Jacob. Wherefore the things
which I have written, sufficeth me, save it,be a few
words which I must speak, concerning the doctrine of
Christ; wherefore, [ shall speak unto you plainly, ac-
cording to the plainness of my prophesying. Fer my
soul delighteth in plainness: for after this manner
doth the Lord God work among the children of men.
For the Lord God giveth light unto the understand-
ing: for he speaketh unto men according to their lan-
guage, unto their understanding. Wherefore, I would
that ye should remember that  have spoken unto you,
concerning that proplret which the Lord showed unto
me, that should baptize the Lamb of God, which
should take away the sins of the world.

And now, if the Lamb of God, hebeing holy, should
have need to be baptized -by water, to fulfil all right
