I might testify unto you concerning the wickedness of
your hearts; and also, it grieveth me that I must use
so much boldness of speech, concerning you, before
your wives and. your children, many of whose feelings
are exceeding tender, and chaste, and delicate before
God, which thing is pleasing unto God; and it suppo-
seth me that they have come up hither to hear the
pleasing word of God, yea, the word which healeth
the wounded soul.

Wherefore, it burdeneth my soul, that. I should be
constrained because of the striet commandment which
I have received from God, to admonish you, according
to your crimes, to enlarge the wounds of .those which
are already wounded, instead of consoling and healing
their wounds; and those which have not been wound-
ed, instead of feasting upon the pleasing word of God,
have daggers placed to pierce their souls, and wound
their delicate minds. But, notwithstanding the great-
ness of the task, I must do according to the strict com-
mands of God, and tell you concerning your wicked-
ness and abominations, in the presence of the pure in
heart, and the broken heart, and under the glance of
the piercing eye of the Almighty -God.

Wherefore, I must tell you the truth, according to
the -plainness of the word of God. For behold, as I
enquired of the Lord, thus:camie the word unto me,
saying, Jacob, get thou up into the temple on the mor-
row, and declare the word whieh I shall give thee unto
this people.

And now behold, my brethren, this is the word
which I declare unto you, that many of you have be-
gun to search for gold, and for silver, and all manner
of precious ores, in the which this land, which isa land
of promise unto you, and to your seed, doth abound
most plentifully. And the hand of providence hath
smiled upon you most pleasingly, that you have ob-
tained many riches; and because some of you have
obtained more abundantly than that of your brethren;
ye are lifted up in the pride of your hearts, and wear
stiff necks, and high heads, because of the costliness
of your aj parel, and persecute your brethren, becanse
ye suppose that ye are better than they.

_jind now my brethren, do ye suppose that God jus-
lifieth you in this thing? Behold, I say unto you,
nay. Buthe condemneth you,, and if ye persist in
these things, his judgments must speedily come unto’
you. O that he would shew you that he can pierce
