you, and with one glance of his eye, he can smite you
to the dust. O that he would rid you from this ini-
quity, and abomination, And, O that ye would listen
unto the word of hig commands, and Jet not this pride
of your hearts destroy your souls. Think of your
brethren, like unto yourselves, and be familiar with
all, and free with your substance, that they may be
rich like unto you. But before ye seek for riches,
seek ye for the kingdom of God. And after ye have
obtained a hope in Christ, ye shall obtain riches, if ye
seek them; and ye will seek them, for the intent to
do good; to clothe the naked, and to feed the hungry,
and to liberate the captive, and administer relief to
the sick, and the.afflicted.

And now my brethren, I have spoken unto you con-
cerning pride; and those of you which have afflicted
your neighbor, and perseented him, because ye were
proud in your hearts, of the things which God hath
given you, what say ye of it? Do ye not suppose that
such things are abominable unto him, who created all
flesh? And the one being is as precious in his sight
asthe other. And all flesh is of the dust; and for the
self same end hath he crealdd them, that they should
keep his commandments, and glorify him forever..
And now I make an end of speaking unto you con-
cerning this pride. And were it not that I must speak
unto you concerning a grosser crime, my heart would
rejaice exceedingly, because of you. But the word of
God burthens me because of your grosser crimes. For
behold, thus saith the Lord, this people begin to wax
in iniquity; they understand not the scriptures: for
they seek to excuse themselves in committing whore-
doms, beeause of the things which’ were written con-
cerning David, and Sclomon his son. Behold, David
and Solomon truly had many wives and concubines,
which thing was abominable before me, saith the Lord.
wherefore, thus saith the Lord, I have led this people
forth out of the lard of Jerusalem, by the power of
mine arm, that I might raise up unto me a righteous
branch from the fruit of the loins of Joseph. Where-
fore, I, the.Lord God, will not suffer that this people
shall do like unto them of old. Wherefore, my breth-
ren, hear me, and hearken to the word of the Lord:
for there shall not any man among you have save it be
one wife; and concubines he shall have none: .For I,
the Lord God, delighteth in the chastity of women.
And whoredoms are an abomination before me: thus
