saith the Lord of hosts. . Wherefore, this people shall
keep my commandments, saith the Lord of hosts, or
cursed be the land for their sakes. For if I will, saith
the. Lord of hosts, raise up seed unto me, I will com.
mand my people: otherwise, they shall hearken unto
these things. For behold, I, the Lord, have seen the
sorrow, and heard the mourning of the daughters of
my people in the land of Jerusalem; yea, and in all
the lands of my people, because of the wickedness and
abominations of their husbands. And I will not suffer,
saith the Lord of hosts, that the cries of the fair daugh-
ters of this people, which I have led out of the Jand of
Jerusalem, shall come up unto me, against the men of
my people, saith the Lord of hosts; tor they shall not
lead away captive, the daughters of my people, because
of their tenderness, save I shall visit them with a sore
curse, even unto destruction: for they shall not com-
mit. whoredoms, like unto them of old, saith the Lord
of hosts.

And now behold, my brethren, ye know that these
commandments were given to our father Lehi; where-
fore, ye have known them before; and ye have come
unto great condemnation; for ye have. done® these
things, which ye ought not to have done. Behold, ye
have done greater iniquities than the Lamanites, our
brethren. Ye have broken the hearts of your tender
wives, and lost the confidence of your children, because
of your bad examples before them; and the sobbings
of their hearts ascend up to God against you.  And
because of the strictness of the word of God, which
cometh down against you, many hearts died, pierced
with deep wounds.

But behold, I, Jacob, would speak unto you that
are pure in heart. Look unio God with firmness of
mind, and pray unto him with exceeding faith, and he
will console you in your afflictions, and he will plead
your cause, and send down justice upon those who
seek your destruction. -

O all ye that are pure in heart, lift up your heads
and receive the pleasing word of God, and feast upon
his love; for ye may, if your minds are firm, forever.
But wo, wo, unto you that are not pure in lieart; that
are filthy this day before God; for except ye repent;
the land is cursed for your sakes; and the Lamanites,
which are not-filthy like unto you, (nevertheless, they
are cursed with a sore cursing) shall scourge you even
unto destruction. And the time speedily cometh,
