and our faith becometh unshaken, insomuch that we
truly can command in the name of Jesus, and the ve-
ry trees. obey us, or the mountains, or the waves of
the sea; nevertheless, the Lord God sheweth us our
weakness, that we may know that.itis by his grace,
and his great condescensions unto the children of men,
that we have power to do these things.

Behold, great and marvelous are, the works of the
Lord. J{ow unsearchable are the depths of the mys-
teries of bim;,and it is impossible that man should
find out all his ways. And no man knoweth of his
ways, save it be revealed unto him; wherefore, breth- .
ren, despise. not the revelatidns of God. For-behold,
by the power of his word, man came upon the face of
the earth; which earth. was created by the power of
his word. Wherefore, if God, being able to speak,
and the world was; and to speak, and man was erea-
ted, O then, why not able to command the earth, or
the workmanship of his hands upon the faee of it, ac-
cording to his will and pleasure. Wherefore, brethren,
seek not to counse] the Lord, but to take counsel
from his hand, For behold, ye yourselves know, that
he counseleth in wisdom, and in justice, and in great
mercy, over all his works; wherefore, beloved breth-
ren, be reconciled unto him, through the atonement of
Christ, his enly begotten Son,.and ye may..obtain a
resurrection, according tothe power of the resurrec-
tion which is in Christ, and be presented as,the first
fruits of Christ, unto God, haying faith, and obtained
a good hope of glory in him, before he manifesteth
himself in the flesh,

And now, beloved; marvel not that I tell you these
things; for why not speak of the atonement of Christ,
and attain to a perfect knowledge of him, as to attain
to the knowledge of a resurrection and the world to
come? Behold, my brethren, he that prophesieth, let
him prophesy to the understanding of men; for. the
spirit speaketh the truth, and lieth not. Wherefore,
it speaketh of things as they really are, and of things
as they really will be; wherefore, these things are
manifested unto us plainly,. for the salvation of our
souls, But behold; we are, not witnesses alone in
thee slings; for God alse spake them unto prophets
of old. ; :

But behold, the Jews were a stiffnecked~ people;
and they despised the words of plainness, and killed
the prophets, and sought for things. that they could
