not understand. Wherefore, because of their blind-
ness, which, blindness came by looking beyond the
mark, they.must needs fall: for God hath taken away
his plainness from them, and delivered unto them ma-
ny-things which they cannot understand; because they
desired it. And because they desired it, God hath
done it, that they may stumble.

And now I, Jacob, amled on by the spirit unto
prophesying: for I perceive by the workings of the
spirit which is in me, that by the stumbling of the
Jews, they: will reject the stone upon which they
might build, and have safe foundation.. But behold,
according te the scriptures, this stone shall become
the great, and the last, and the only sure foundation,
upon which the Jews can build. And now, my beloy-
ed, how is it possible that these, after having rejected
the sure foundation, can ever build upon it, that it
may become the head of their corner? Behold, my
beloved brethren, I will unfold this mystery, unto you;
if I do not, by any means, get shaken from my firm-
ness in the spirit, and stumble because of my over anx-
lety for you.

Behold, my brethren, do ye not remember to have
read the words of the prophet Zenos, which spake un-
to the house of Israel, saying; hearken O ye house of
Israel, and hear the words of me, prophet of the
Lord: for behold, thus saith the Lord, [. will liken
thee O- house of Israel, like unto a tame olive tree,
which-a man took and nourished in his vineyard: and
it grew, and waxed old, and began ta decay. And it
came to pass that the master of the vineyard went
forth, and he saw that his olive tree began to decay:
and .he said, I will prune it, and dig-about it, and
nourish it, that perhaps it may shoot forth young and
tender branches, and it perish not. And it came to
pass that he pruned it, and digged about it, and nour-
ished it, according to his'word, And it came to pass
that after many days, it began to put forth somewhat
a little, young and tender branches; but behold, the
main top thereof began to perish: And it came to
pass that the master of the vineyard saw it, and he
said unto his servant, it grieveth me that I should lose
this tree; wherefore, go and pluck the branches from
a wild olive tree, and bring them hither unto ma; and
we will pluck off those main branches which .are be-
ginning to wither away, and’ we will cast’ them into
the fire, that they may be burned.: And behold, saith
