that the:roots are good; and for mine’ own purpose I
have preserved them; and because of their much
strength, they have hitherto brought. forth from the
wild branches, good frnit. But behold, the wild
branches have grown, and have overran the roots
thereof; and because that the wild branches have over-
come the roots thereof, it hath brought forth much
evil fruit; and because that it hath brought forth so
much evil fruit, thou beholdest that it beginneth to per-
ish: and it will soon become ripened, that it may be
east into the fire, except’ we should do something for
it to preserve it.

And.it came to pass that the Lord of the vineyard
said unto his servant, let us go down inte' the nether-
most parts of the vineyard, and behold if the natural
branches have also brought forth evil fruit. And it
came to pass that they went down into the nether-
most parts of the vineyard. And it caine to pass that
they beheld that the fruit of the natural branches had
become corrupt also; yea, the first, and the second,
and also the last; and they had all become corrupt.
And the wild fruit of the last, had overcome that part
of the tree which brought forth good fruit, even that
the branch had withered away and died.

And it came to pass thatthe Lord of the vineyard
wept, and said unto the servant, what could I have
done more for my vineyard? Behold, [ knew that all
the fruit of the vineyard, save it were these, had be-
come corrupted. And now, these which have once
brought forth good fruit, have also--become corrupted.
And now, all the trees of my vineyard are good for
nothing, save it be to be hewn down and cast into the
fire. And behold, this last, whose branch hath with-
ered away,  did plant in a good spet of ground; yea;
even that which was choice unto me, above all other
parts of the land of my vineyard. And thou beheld-
est that I also cut down that which cumbered this
spot of ground, that 1 might. plant this tree in the
stead thereof. And thou -beheldest that a part there-
of, brought, forth good fruit: and a part. thereof,
brought forth wild fruit.: And because I plucked
not the branches thereof, and cast them into the fire,
behold, they have overcome the good branch, that it
has. withered away. And now behold, notwithstand-
ing all the care which we have taken of my vineyard;
the trees thereof-have become corrupted, that they:
bring forth no good fruit: and these I had hoped to
