the branches which bring forth. bitter fruit, accordin.
to the strength of the good and the size thereof; an

eshall not clear away the bad thereof, all at once;
est the roots thereof should be too strong for the
graft, and the graft thereof shall perish, and  lose the
trees of my vineyard. For it grieveth me that I
should lose the trees of my vineyard;. wherefore, ye
shall clear away the bad, according as the good shall
grow, that the root and the top may be equal in
strength, until the good shall overcome the bad, and
the bad be hewn down and east into the fire, that they
cumber not the ground of my vineyard; and thus will
I sweep away the bad out of my vineyard. And the
branches of the natural tree, will I graft in again, into
the natural tree; and the branches of the natural tree,
will { graft into the natural branches of the tree; and
thus will I bring them together again, that they shall
bring forth the natural fruit: and they: shall be one.
And the.bad shall be cast away; yea, even out of all
the land of my vineyard: for behold, only this once
will 1 prune my vineyard. .

And it came to pass that the Lord of the vineyard
sent his servant; and the servant went.and did as the
Lord had commanded him, and brought other servy-
ants; and they were few. And the Lord of the vine-
yard said unto them, go to, and labor in the vineyard,
with your mights. For behold, this is the last time
that I shall nourish my vineyard: for the end is nigh
at hand, and the season speedily cometh; and if ye fa-
bor with your mights with me, ye shall have joy in
the fruit which I shall lay up unto myself, against the
time which will soon come.

And it came to pass that the servants did go, and
labor with their mights; and the Lord of the vineyard
labored also with them: and they did obey the com-
mandments of the Lord of the vineyard, in all things.
And there began to be the natural fruit again in the
vineyard; and the natural branches began to grow
and thrive exceedingly; and the wild branches:began
to be plucked off, and to: be cast away; and. they did
keep the-reot and the top: thereof, equal, according to
the strength thereof.’ And.thus they labored, with all
diligence; according to the -commandments.; of the
Lord of: the vineyard, even: until the bad. had .been
east away-out of the vineyard, and the Lord: had pre-
served unto himself; that the trees.had) become again
the natural-fruit; and they became like untoione body;
