and the fruit were equal; and the Lord.of the vine-
yard had preserved unto himself the natural. fruit,
which was most precious unto him irom:the begin-
ning. :

And it came to pass that when the Lord of the vine-
yard saw that his fruit was good, and that his vine-
yard was no: more corrupt; he called up his servants
and said unto them, behold, for this last time have we
nourished my vineyard;. and thou beholdest that I
have done according to my will; and 1 have preserved
the natural fruit, that itis good, even like as it wag
in the beginning; and blessed. artthou. For because
ye have been diligent-in laboring with me in my vine-
yard, and have kept my commandments, and have
brought unto me again the natural fruit, that my vine-
yard is no more corrupted, and the bad is cast away,
behuld, ye shall have joy with me, because of the fiuit
of my vineyard. For behold, for a long time will I
lay up of the fruit of my vineyard unto mine own self,
against the season, which speedily cometh; and for
the last time have I nourished my vineyard, and
pruned it, and dug about it, and dunged it; wherefore
I will lay up unto mine own self of the. fruit, fora
long time, according to.that which 1 have spoken..
And when the time cometh that evil: fruit shall again
come into my vineyard, then will I cause the good
and the bad to be gathered; and the good will I pre-
serve unto myselfy and the bad will ] cast away into
its own place. And then cometh the season and the
end; and my vineyard will I cause to be burned with

re.

.

CHAPTER IV.

Axp now, behold, my brethren, as I-said unto yeu 
that J would prophesy; behold, thisis my prophesy:
That the things which this prophet Zenos.spake, con-
cerning the house of Israel, in the which he likened
them unto a tame olive tree; must surely come. to
pass. And in the day that he shall set bis hand again
the second time to: recover his: people, is the day, yea,
even the last time, that the servants-of the Lord shall
go forth in his power, to nourish.and: prune. -his:vine-
