CHAPTER V, :

Anp now it came to pass after some years had pass-
ed away, there came a man among the people of Ne-
phi, whose name was Sherem. And it came to pass
that he began to preach among the people, and to de-
clare unto them that there’should be no Christ. And
he preached many things which were flattering unto
the people; and this he did that he might overthrow
the doctrine of Christ. And he labored diligently
that he might lead away the hearts of the people, in-
somuch that he did lead away-many hearts; and he
knowing that J, Jacob, had faith in Christ who should
come, he sought much opportunity that he might
come unto me. And he was learned, that he hada
perfect knowledge of the language of the people;
wherefore, he could use much flattery, and much pow-
er of speech, according to the power of the devil. And
he had hope to shake me from the faith, notwithstand-
ing the many revelations, and the many things which
Ihad seen concerning these things: for I truly had
seen angels, and they had ministered unto me, And
also, I had heard the voice of the Lord spreaking unto
me in very word, from time to time; wherefore, 
could not be shaken.

And it came to pass that he came unto me; and on
this wise did he speak unto me, saying: Brother Ja-
cob, I have sought much opportunity that I might
speak unto you: for I have heard and also know, that
thou geest about much, preaching that which ye call
the gospel, or the doctrine of Christ; and ye have led
away much of this people, that they pervert the right
way of God, and keep not the law of Moses, which is
the right way; and convert the law of Moses into the
worship of a being, which ye say shall come many
hundred years hence. And now behold, I, Sherem,
declare unto you, that: this is blasphemy; for no man
knoweth of such things: for he cannot tell of things
tocome. And after this manner did -Sherem contend
against me. But behold, the Lord God poured in his
spirit into my soul, insdmuch that J did confound him
ia all his words. And I said unto him, deniest thou
the Christ whe should come? And he said, if there
should be a Christ, I would not deny him; but I knew
that there is no Christ, neither has been, nor ever will
be. And I said unto him, belieyest thou the Scrip-
tures? And he said, yea. And I said unto him, then
