ye.do not understand them; for they truly testify of
Christ. Behold, I say unto you, that none of the

rophets have written, nor prophesied, save they
lege spoken concerning. this Christ.  And this is not
all: it has been made manifest unto me, for I have
heard and seen; and it also hay been made manifest
unto me by the power of the Holy Ghost; wherefore,
I know if there should be no atonement made all man-
kind must be lost.

And it came to pass that he said unto me, shew me
a sign by this power of the Holy-Ghost,.in the which
ye know so much. And I said unto him, what am I,
that I should tempt God to shew unto thee a sign, in
the thing which thou knowest te be true! - Yet thou
wilt deny it, because thou art of the devil. Never-
theless, not my will be done; but if God, shall smite
thee, let that be a sign unto thee that he has power,
both in heaven and m earth; and also, that Christ
shall come. And thy will, Q Lord, be done, and not
mine. '

And it came to pass that when T, Jacob, bad spok-
en these words, the power of the Lord came. upon
him, insomuch that he fell to the earth. And it came
to pass that he was nourished for the space of many
days. And it came to pass that he said unto the peo-
ple, gather together on the morrow, for I shall die;
wherefore, I desire to speak unto the people before I
shall die.
. And it-came to pass that on the morfow, the multi-
tude were gathered together; and he spake plainly un-
to them, and denied the things which he had taught
them; and confessed the Christ, and the power of the
Holy Ghost, and the ministering of angels.. And he
spake plainly unto them, that he had been deceived
by the power of’ the devil. And he spake of hell, and
of eternity, and of eternal punishment. And he said,
I fear lest { have committed the unpardonable sin, for
I have lied unto.God: for] denied. the Christ, and
said that I believed the scriptures; and they truly tes-
tify of him.’ And because I have thus lied unto God,
I greatly fear lest my case shall be awful; but I con-
fess unto God.

And it came to pass that when he had said these
words, he could say no more: and he gave up the

host. And when the multitude had witnessed that

e spake these things as he was about to give up the
ghost, they were astonished exceedingly; insomuch,
