 

THE BOOK OF ENOS.
CHAPTER I.:

Benorp, it eame to pass that I, Enos, knowing my
father, that he was a juct man: for he taught me. in
his language, and also in the nurture and admonition
ofthe Lord. And blessed be the name of my -God-for
it, And I will tell you of the wrestle which I had be-
fore God, before I receiveda remission of my sins: be-
hold,  went to hunt beasts in the forest; and the
words which I had often heard my father speak, con-
cerning eternal life, and the joy of the saints, sunk
deep into my heart. And my soul hungered; and I
kneeled down before my Maker, and I cried unto him
in mighty prayer and supplication, for mine own soul;
and all the day long did I ery unto him; yea, and
when the night came, [ did still raise my voice high,
that it reached the heavens. And there came a voice
unto me saying, Enos, thy sins are forgiven thee, and
thou shalt be blessed. And 1, Enos knew that God
could not Jie; wherefore, my guill was swept away..
And I said, Lord, how is it done? And he said unto
me, because of thy faith in Christ, whom thou hast
never before heard nor seen. And many years pass
away, before’ he shall manifest himself in the flesh;
wherefore, go to, thy faith hath made thee. whole.

Now, it came to pass that when J had heard these
words, I began to feel a desire for.the welfare of my
brethren, the Nephites; wherefore, I did pour out my
whole soul unto God for them. And while  was thus
struggling in. the spirit, behold, the voice of the Lord:
came into my mind again, saying, I will visit thy
brethren, according to their diligence in keeping my
commandments. {have given unto them this land;
and it is a holy Jand; and Leeurse it not, save it be for
the causeof iniquity; wherefore, I will visit thy breth-
ren, according ag I have said; and their transgressions
will I bring down with sorrow upon their own heads.
And afierJ, Enos,had heard these words, my faith
began to be unshaken in the Lord; and I prayedunto
him with many long strugglings’ for my brethren, the
Lamanites.
