And it came to pass, that after I had prayed, and
labored with all diligence, the Lord said unto me, J
will grant unto thee according to thy desires, because
of thy faith. And now behold, this was the desire
which I desired of him: Thatifit should so be, that
my people, the Nephites, should fall into transgres.
sion, and by any means be destroyed, and the Laman-
ites should not be destroyed, thatthe Lord God would
preserve a record of my people, the Nephites; even if
it so be, by the power of his holy arm, that it might
be brought forth, at-some future day, unto the Laman-
ites, that perhaps they might be brought unto salva-
tion: for at the present, our strugglings were vain, in
restoring them to the true faith. And they swore in
their wrath, that if it were possible, they would des-
troy our records and us; and, also, all the traditions
of our fathers.

Wherefore, I knowing that the Lord God was able
to preserve our records, I cried unto him continually;
for he had said unto me, whatsoever thing ye shall ask
in faith, believing that ye shall receive in the name of
Christ, ye shall receive it. And I had faith, and I did
ery unto God, that he would preserve the records; and
he covenanted with me that he would bring them forth
unto the Lamanites, in his own due time. And I,
Enos, knew it would be according to the covenant
which he had made; wherefore, my soul did rest..
And the Lord said unto me, thy fathers have also re
quired of me this thing; and it shall be done unto
them according to their faith, for their faith was like
unto thine.

And now it came to pass, that I, Enos, went about
among the people of Nephi, prophesying of things to
come, and testifying of the things which I had heard
and seen. And I bear record that the people of Nephi
did seek diligently to restore the Lamanites unto the
true faith in God. But our labors were vain; their
hatred was fixed, and they were led by their evil na
ture, that they became wild, and ferocious, and a blood
thirsty people; full of idolatry, and filthiness; feeding
upon beasts of prey, dwelling in tents, and wandering
about in the wilderness, witha short skin girdle about
their loins, and their heads shaven; and their skill was
in the bow, and in the cymeter, and the axe. . And
many of, them did. eat. nothing. save it. was raw meat;
and they were-continually seeking to destroy us.
