for behold, he being warned of the Lord: that he should
flee out of the land of Nephi, and as many as would
hearken unto the voice of the Lord, should also de-
part out of the land with him, into the wilderness. .
And it came to pass that he did according as the Lord
had commanded him. And they departed out of the
land into'the wilderness, as many as would heaarken
unto the voice of the Lord; and they were led by ma-

ny preachings and prophesyings. And they were ad-

monished continually by the word of God; and they
were led by the power of his arm, through the wilder-
ness, until they came down into the land which is
called the land of Zarahemla. And they discovered a
people, who were called the people of Zarahemla,.
Now, there was great rejoicing among the people of
Zarahemla; and also, Zarahemla did rejoice exceed-
ingly, because the Lord had sent the people of Mosi-
ah with the plates of brass which contained the record
of the Jews.

Behold, it came to pass that Mosiah discovered that
the people of Zarahemla, came out from Jerusalem, at
the time that Zedekiah, king of Judah, was carried
away caplive into Babylon. And they journied in
the wilderness, and were brought by the hand of the
Lord, across the great waters, into the land where
Mosiah discovered them; and they had dwelt there
from that fime forth. And at the time that Mosiah
discovered them, they had become exceeding numer-
ous. Nevertheless, they had had many wars and se-
rious contentions, and:had fallen by the sword from
time to time; and their language had become corrupt-
ed; and they had brought no records with them; and
they denied the being of their Creator; and Mosiah,
nor the people of Mosiah, could understand them.

But it came to pass that Mosiah caused thatthey
should be taught in his language. And it came to

ass that after they were taught in the language of

Mosiah, Zarahemla gave a genealogy of his fathers,
according to his memory; and they are written, but
not in these plates.

And it came to pass that the people of Zarahemla,
and of Mosiah, did unite together; and Mosiah was
appointed to be their king. And it came to pass in
the days of Mosiah, there was a large stone brought
unto him, with engravings on it; and he did interpret
the engravings, by the gift and power of God...
