been false prophets, and false: preachers.and teachers:
among the people, and-all these having been punished
according to their crimes;. and after there having been
much. contentions and many dissensions, away unto
the Lamanites, behold, it came to pass that king Ben-
jamin, with the assistance of the holy prophets who
were among his people: for behold, king Benjamin
was a holy man, and he did reign-over his people in
righteousness. And there. were many holy men -in
the land; and they did speak the word of God, with
power and with authority; and they did use much
sharpness because of the stiffneckeduess of the people;
wherefore, with the help, of these, king oo by
laboring with all the might of his body and the faculty
of his whole soul, and also the prophets, did once
more establish peace in the land,

..

THE BOOK OF MOSIAH. _
CHAPTER I.

Axp now there was no more contention in all the
land of Zarahemla, among all the people who belong-
ed to king Benjamin, so that:king Benjamin had.con-
tinual peace all the remainder .of his days. And it
came to pass that hexhad three sons; and.-he called
their names -Mosiah,; and Helorum, and. Helaman..
and he caused that they should be taught in all the
language of his fathers, that thereby they might be-
come men of understanding; and that they might
know concerning the prophecies which had been spo-
ken by the mouths of their fathers; which were’ deliy-
ered them by the hand of the Lord. And. he: also
taught them concerning the records: which were engra-
ven on the plates of brass, saying, my sons, I would
that. ye should remember, that were.jt not for these
plates; which contain these records and:.these com-
mandments, we must have suffered:in.ignorance, even
at this present time, not. knowing. the .mysteries of
God: for it were not: possible that. our father Lehi
could have remembered all these things, to have taught
them to his: children, except it-were> for the help:of
these’plates: for he having-been taightin the language
