of the Egyptians, therefore he could read:these engra-
vings, and teach them to his children; that: thereby
they could: teach them to their children,fand'so fulfil.
ling the commandments of God, evendown to this
present time. I say unto you, my sons, were iit-not
for these things, whieh have been kept and preserved
by the hand of God, that we might read and under-
stand of his anysteries, and have his commandments
always before our eyes, that even our fathers would
have dwindled in unbelief,-and .we should have been
like unto our brethren, the Lamanites, was know
nothing concerning these things, or even do not be-
lieve them when they.are taught them, because of the
traditions of their fathers, which are not.correct. O
my-sons, I would that ye should remember that these
sayings are true; and.also, that these,records are true.
And behold, also the plates of Nephi, which contain 
the records and the sayings of our fathers from the
time they left Jerusalem,, until now; and they are
true; and we can know of their surety, because we
have them before our eyes. And now, my sons, I
would that ye should remember: to search them dili-
gently, that ye may profit thereby; and [ would that
ye should keep the commandments of God, that ye
may prosper in the land, according to the promises
which the Lord made unto our fathers. And many
more things did king Benjathin teach his sons, which
are not written in this book.

And it.came to pass: that after king Benjamin had
made an end of teaching his sons, that he waxed old;
and he saw that he must verysoon go the way of all
the earth; therefore, he thought it. expedient that he
should confer the kingdom upon one of his sons..
Therefore, he had Mosiah brought before him; and
these are the words which he spake unto him, saying:
My son, I would that ye should maxea proclamation
throughout all this land,among all this people, or the
people of Zarahemla, and the people of Mosiah who
dwell in the land, that thereby they may be gathered
together: for on the morrow, I shall proclaim, unto
this my people, out of mine own mouth, that thou art
a kings and aruler over this people, whom the Lord
our. God hath given us.. And moreover, I shalligive
this people a name, that.thereby they may be. distin-’

ished above allthe people which-the Lord God hath:

rought out of the land of Jerusalem; and this I do,
because they have. been a: diligent people in keeping
