by his matchless power, to serve thee with all the
might, mind, and strength which the Lord: hath.
granted unto me; I say unto you, that as I have been
suffered to spend my days in your,service, even up'to
this time, and have not sought gold nor silver, nor any:
manner.of riches of you; neither have I suffered that:
ye should be confined in dungeons, nor that-ye should
make slaves one of another, or that ye should murder,
or plunder, -or steal, or commit adultery, or even I
have not suffered that ye should commit any manner
of wickedness, and have taught you that ye should
keep the commandments of the Lord,.in all thin
which he hath commanded you; and even 1, rien
have labored with mine own hands, that L might serve
you, and that ye should not be laden with taxes, and:
that there should nothing come upon you which wag
rievious to be borne; and of all these things which I
dart spoken, ye yourselves are witnesses this day..
Yet, my brethren, 1 have not done these things that I
might boast, neither do I tell these things that there-
by I might accuse you; but I tell you these things,
that ye may know that I can answera clear conscience
before God this day. Behold, I say unto you, that
because I said unto you that I had spent my days in
your service, I do not desire to boast, for I have only
been. in the.service of God. And behold, I tell you
these things that ye may learn wisdom; that ye may.
learn that when ye are in the service of your fellow
beings, ye are only in the service of your God. Be-
hold, ye have called me your king; and if I, whom ye
eall your king, do labor to serve you, then had not ye
ought to labor to serve one another? And behold, al-
so, if I, whom ye call your king, who has spent his
days in your service, and yet has been in the service
of God, doth merit any thanks from. you, O how had
you ought to thank your heavenly King! I say unto
you, my brethren, that if you should render all the
thanks and praise which your whole souls has power
to possess, to that God who has created you, and has
kept and preserved you, and has caused that yeshould
rejoice, and has granted that ye should live in
one with another; I say unto you, that if ye should
serve him who, has created you from the beginning,
and art preserving. you from:day to day, by lendin
you breath, that ye may live and move, and do accord-
mg to your own will, and) even supporting: you from
one moment to another; I say, if ye should serve him
