with all your whole soul, yet ye would.be unprofitable
servants. And behold, all that he requires.of you, is.
to keep his commandments; and he has promised you
that if ye would keep his commandments, ye should
prosper in the land; and he never doth vary from. that
which he hath said; therefore, if ye do keep his com-
mandments, he doth bless you, and prosper you.

And now, inthe first place, he hath created you,
and granted unto you your lives, for. which ye are in-
debted unto him. And. secondly:. He doth require
that ye shoulddo as he hath commanded: you, for:
which if ye do, hedoth immediately blessyou; und
therefore, he hath paid you.: And ye are still indebted
unto him; and are, and will be, forever and ever;
therefore, of what. have ye to boast? And now Task,
can ye say aught of..yourselyes? I answer. you, nay.
Ye cannot say’ that ye are even as much ag the dust
of the earth: yet ye were created of the. dust of
the earth: but. behold, it belongeth.to him who cre-
ated you. And I, even I, whomye call your-king, am
no better than ye yourselves. are; for 1 am also of the
dust. And ye behold that I am old, and am about
to yield up this mortal frame to its mother’ earth;
therefore, as I. said uate .you that 1-had served.you,
walking with a clear conscrence before God, even so I
at this time have caused that ye should assemble your-
selves together, that I might be found blameless, and:
that your blood should not come upun me, when
shall stand'to be judged of God of the things. whereof
he hath commanded’ me concerni:g you.  I say unto’ 
you, that T have’caused that ye should assemble your-
selves together, that I might rid. my garments-of your
blood, at this. period of thne when  am about togo
down to my grave, that ].might go down in peace, and
my immortal spirit may-join the choirs above in sing-
ing the praises of a just-.God. -And-moreover, I say.
unto you, that I have caused that ye should assemble
yourselves together,’ that I might declare unto you
that { can no longer be your: teacher; noryour king;
foreven at this time, my whole frame doth tremble
exceedingly, while-attempting to speak. unto you; but
the Lord God doth support me, and hath suffered me
that I should speak unto you, and hath commanded me
that I should declare unto:you this day,that my soi
Mosiah, is a king and:a ruler oyer you: i r

And now, my brethren, I:-would’ that: ye should da
as ye have hitherto dones Asye have'kept my: com
