the atoning blood of Christ, the Lord Omnipotent:
for the natural man is an enemy to God, and has been,
from the fall of Adam, and will be, forever and ever;
but if he. yields to the enticings of the Holy Spirit,
and putteth off the natural man, and becometh a saint,
through the atonement of Christ, the Lord, and be-
cometh as a child, submissive, meek,, humble, patient,
full of love, willing to submit to all things which the
Lord seeth fit to inflict upon him, even as a child doth
submit to his father. And moreover, I say unto you,
that the time shall come, when the knowledge of a
Savior shall spread throughout every nation, kindred,
tongue, and people. And behold, when that time
cometh, none shall be found blameless before God,
except it be little children, only through repentance
and faith-on the name of the Lord God Omnipotent;
and even at this time, when thou shalt have taught
thy people the things which the Lord thy God hath
commanded thee, even then are they found no more
blameless in the sight of God, only according to the
words which I have spoken unto thee.

And now, I have spoken the words which the Lord
God hath commanded me.  And thus saith the Lard:
They shall stand asa bright testimony against this
people, at the judgment day; whereof, they sha!l be
judged, every man, according to his works, whether
they be good, or whether they be evil; and if they be
evil, they are consigned to an awful view of their own
guilt and abominations, which doth cause them to
shrink from the presence of the Lord, into a state of
misery and endless torment, from whence they can no
more return; therefore, they have drunk damnation
to their own souls. Therefore, they have drunk out
of the cup.of the wrath of God, which justice could
no more deny unto them, than it could deny that Ad-
am should fall, because of his partaking of the forbid-
den fruit; therefore, mercy could have.claim on them
no more forever. And their torment is asa lake of
fireand brimstone, whose flames are unquenchable,
and whose smoke ascendeth up forever and ever..
Thus hath the Lord commanded me. Amen. ,
