them. And he said unto them, behold, Iam Limhi,
the son of Noah, who was the son of Zeniff, who
came up out of the land of Zarahemla to inherit this
land, which was the land of their fathers, who was
made a king by the voice of the people. And now, I
desire to know the cause whereby ye were so bold as
to come near the walls of the city, when I, myself,
was with my guards, without the gate? And now,
for this cause have  suffered that ye should be pre-
served, that [ might inquire of you, or else I should
have caused that my guards should have put you to
death. Ye are permitted to speak.

And now, when Ammon saw that he was permitted
to speak, he went forth and bowed himself before the
king; and rising again he said, O King, I am very
thankful before God this day, that 1 am yet alive, and
am permitted to speak; and I will endeavor to speak
with boldness: for I am assured that if ye had known
me, ye would not have suffered that 1 should have
wore these bands. For I am Ammon, and am a de-
scendant of Zarahemla, and have come up out of the
land of Zarahemla, to inquire concerning our breth.
ren, whom Zeniff brought up out of that land.

And now, it came to pass that after Limhi had
heard the words of Ammon, he was exceeding glad,
and said, now, I know of a surety that my brethren
who were in the land of Zarahemla, are yet alive..
And now, I will rejoice; and on the morrow, I will
cause that my people shall rejoice also. For behold,
we are in bondage to the Lamanites, and are taxed
with a tax which is grievous to be borne. And now,
behold, our brethren will deliver us out of our bondage,
or out of the hands of the Lamanites, and we will be
their slaves: for itis better that we be slaves to the
Nephites, than to pay tribute to the king of the La-
manites. :

And now, king Limhi commanded his guards that
they should no more bind Ammon, nor his brethren,
but caused that they should go to the bill which was
north of Shilom, and bring their brethren into the city,
that thereby they might eat, and drink, and rest them-
selves from the labors of their journey; for they had
suffered many things: they had suffered hunger, thirst,
and fatigue.

And now, it came to pass’on the morrow, that, king
Limhi sent a proclamation among-all his people, that
thereby they might. gather themselves together to the
