the words which he spake. And it came to pass that
after he had done alk this, that king Limhi dismissed
the multitude, and caused that they should return, ev-
ery one unto his own house. .

And it came to pass that he caused that the plates
which contained the record of his people, from the
time that they deft the land of Zaralttemla, should be
brought before Ammon, that he might read them..
Now, as soonas Ammon had read the record, the
king inquired of him to know if-he could interpret lan-
guages. And Ammon told him that he could not..
And the king said unte him, being grieved for the af
ilictions of my people, I caused that forty and three of
my people should take a journey into the wilderness,
that thereby they might find the land of Zarahemla;
that we might appeal unto our brethren to deliver us
out of bondage; and they.were lost in the wilderness,
for the space of many days, yet they were diligent,
and found not the land of Zarahemla, but returned to
this land, having traveled in a land among many wa-
ters; having discovered a land which was covered
with bones of men, and of beasts, &c., and was also
covered with ruins of buildings of every kind: having
discovered a land which had been peopled with a peo-
ple who were as numerous as the hosts of Israel._.
And for a testimony that the things that they -have
said are true, they have breught twenty four plates,
which are filled with engravings; and they are of pure
gold. And behol!, also, they have brought breast-
plates, which are large;.and they are of brass, and of
copper, and are perfectly sound. And again, they
have brought swords, the hilts thereof have perished,
and the blades thereof were cankered with rust; and
there is no one in the land that is able to interpret:the
language or the engravings that are on the plates..
Therefore, [ said unto thee, canst thou translate?.
And I say unto thee again, knowest thou of any one
that can translate? for lam desirous that these rec-
ords should be translated into our language. For,
perhaps they will give us a knowledge of'a remnant of
the people who have been destroyed, from whence
these records came; or, perhaps they will give usa
knowledge of this very people who have been destroy-
ed; and  am desirous to know the cause of their des-
truction.

Now Ammon said unto him, I can asssuredly tell
thee, O king, of a man that can translate the records:
