_- CHAPTER. VI.
  THE RECORD OF ZENIFF.

An account of his people, from the time they left the land
of Zarahemla, until the time that they were delivered
out of the hands of the Lamanites. ©

I, Zentey, having been taught in all the language
of the Nephites, and having had a knowledge of the
land of Nephi, or of the Jand of our fathers’ first inher-
itanee, and having been sent as a spy ainong the Las
manites, that  might spy out their forces, that onr ar-
my might’ come upon them and destroy them; but
when T saw that which was good among them, Iowas
desirous that they should not be destroyed: therefore,
Fcontended with my brethren in the wilderness: for I
would that our ruler should make a treaty with them.
But he being an austere and a blood-thirsty man, com-
manded that I should be slain; but I Was.rescued by
the shedding of much blood: for father fought against
father, and brother against brother, until the greatest
number of our army was destroyed in the wilderness;
and we returned, those of us that were spared, to the
land of Zarahemla, to relate that tale to their wives,
and their children. ~ And yet, § bemg over zealous to
inherit the land of our fathers, colleeted as many as
were desirous to’go up to possess the land; and start-
ed again’ onour journey into the wilderness, to go up
to the land; but we were smitten with famine and sore
afflictions: for we were slow to remembcr the Lord
our God. Nevertheless, after many days’ wandering
in the wilderness, we pitched our tents in the place
where our brethren were slain, which was near to the
land of our fathers.

And it came to pass that [ went again with four of
my men, into the city, in unto the king, that 1 might
know of the disposition of the king, and that I might
know if I might go in with my people, and possess the
land in peace. And I went in unto’the king, and he
covenanted with me, that I might possess the land of
Lehi-Nephi, and the land of Shilom. And he also
commanded that his people should depart ott of the’
land,:and [ and my people wentinto the land, that we
might possess it, And we began to build buildings,
and to repair the walls of the city, yea, even the walls
