of the city of Lehi-Nephi, and the city of Shilom..
And we began to till the ground, yea, even with all
manner of seeds, with seeds of corn, and of wheat, and
of barley, and with neas, and with sheum, and with
seeds of all manner of fruits: and we did begin to mul-
tiply and prosper in the land, Now, it was the cun-
ning and the craftiness of king Laman, to bring my
people into bondage, that he yielded up the land, that
we might possess it.

Therefore, it came to pass that after we had dwelt
in the land for the space of twelve years, that king
Laman began to grow uneasy, lest by any means my
people should wax strong in,the land, and that,the
could not overpower them and bring them into bond-
age. Now, they were a lazy, and an idolatrous peo-
ple; therefore, they were desirous to bring us into
eae, that. they. might glut themselves with the la-
bors of our hands; yea, that they might feast them-
selves upon the flocks of our fields,

Therefore, it came to pass that king Laman began
to stir up his people, that they should contend with
my people; therefore, there began to he wars dnd con-
tentions. in the land. For, in the thirteenth year of
my reign in the land of Nephi, away on the south of
the land of Shilom, when my people were wateringand
feeding their flocks, and tilling their lands, a numer-
ous host of Lamanites came upon them, and began to
slay them, and to take off their flocks, and the cornof
thgir fields. Yea, and it cdme to pass that they fled,
all that were not overtaken, even into the city of Ne-
phi, and did call upon me for protection.

And it came to pass that I did arm.them with bows,
and with arrows, with swords, and with cimeters, and
with clubs, and with slings, and with all majner of
weapons which we could invent, and I and my people
did go forth against the Lamanites, to battle: yea, in
the strength of the Lord did we go forth to battle
against the Lamanites: for I and my people. did. cry:
mightily to the Lord, that he would deliver us out of
the hands of our enemies, for we were awakened to.
remembrance of the deliverance of our fathers,. -And
God did hear our cries, and did answer our prayers:
and we did go fourth in his might.. Yea, we did go.
forth. against the. Lamanites; and in one day ands
night, we did slay three thousand and forty three; we
did slay them, even until we had driven: them out .of
our land. And I, myself; with mine own hands, did
