help to bury theirdead. And behold, to our great
sorrow and lamentation, two hundred and seventy nine
of our brethren were slain,

And it came to pass that we again began to estab-
lish the kingdom; and we gain began to possess the
land in peace. And I caused that there should be
weapons of war made, of every kind, that thereby I
might have weapons for my people, against the time
the Lamanites should come up again to war against
my people, And I set guards round about the land,
that the Lamanites might not come opon usagain un-
awares, and destroy us; and thusI did guard my peo-
ple, and my fiocks, and keep them from falling into
the hands of our enemies.

And it came to pass that we did inherit the land of
our fathers, for many years; yea, for the space of
twenty and two years. And I did cause that the men
should till the ground, and: raise all manner of grain,
and all manner of fruit, of every kind. And I did
cause that the women’'should spin, and toil and work,
and work all manner of fine linen; yea, and. cloth of
every kind, that we might. clothe our nakedness; and
thus we did prosper in the land; thus we did have
continual peace in the land, for the space of twenty
and two years. .

And it came to pass that king Laman died, and his
son began to reign in his stead. And he began to stir
his people up in rebellion against my people; therefore,
they began to prepare for war, and to come up to bat-
tle against my people. But I had sent my spies out
round about the land of Shemlon, that I might discoy-
er their preparations, that I might guard against them,
that they might not come upon my people and destroy
them. :

And it came to pass that they came up upon the
north ofthe land of Shilom, with their numerous hosts,
men armed with bows, and with arrows, and with
swords, and with cimeters, and with stones, and with
slings; and they had their heads shaved, that they
were naked; and they were girded with a leathern gir-
dle about their loins. .

And it came to pass that I caused that the women
and children of my people should’be hid in the: wilder-
ness; and T also caused that all my old men that could
bear arms, andalso all my young men that were able .
to bear arms, should gather themselves together, to go
