@

to battle against the Lamanites; and-Idid place them
in, their ranks, every man-.according:to his.age. ....:

And it came to pass that we did go up to battle
against the Lamanites. And I, even I, in my old age,
did go up to battle against the Lamanites. And it
came to pass that we did go up in the strength of the
Lord, to battle. :

Now, the Lamanites knew. nothing concerning the
Lord, nor the strength of the Lord; therefore, they
depended upon their own strength. Yet they werea
strong people, as to the strength of men: they werea
wild, and ferocious, and a blood-thirsty people, beliey-
ing in the tradition of their fathers, which is. this:.
Believing that they were driven out of the land of Je-
rusalem, because of the iniquities of their.fathers, and
that they were wronged in the wilderness by their
brethren; and they were also wronged, while crossing
the sea. Andagain: That they were wronged while
in the land of their firet inheritance, after they had
crossed the sea; and all this, because that Nephi wag
more faithfui in. keeping the. commandments of the
Lord; therefore he was favored of the Lord, for the
Lord heard his prayers and answered. them, and he
took the lead of their journey in the wilderness. And
his brethren were wroth with him, because they under-
stood not the dealings of the Lord; they were also
wroth with him upon the waters, because they hard-
ened their hearts againstthe Lord. And again: They
were wroth with him when they had arriven to the
promised land, because they said that he had taken the
ruling ofthe people out of their hands; and the
sought to kill him. And again: .They were wro
with him, because he departed into the wilderness as
the Lord had commanded him, and took the reeords
which were engraven on the plates of brass; for-they
said that he robbed them. And thus they have taught
their children, that they should hate them, and that
they should murder them, and that they should:.rob
and plunder them,.and. do all they could to destroy
them; therefore, they have an eternal hatred towards
the children of Nephi. For this very cause has king
Laman, by his cunning and lying craftiness, and_his
fair promises, deceived me, that I have. brought this,
my people, up into this land, that they may. destroy

- them; yea, and we have suffered. this many years in

the Jand.

 
