Abinadi, that I and my people should be judged of
him?or whois the Lord, that shall. bring upon’ my
people such great affliction? -I command you tobrin
Abinadi hither, that I:may:slay him: for-he has sai
these things, that he might stir up.my people to anger,
one with another, and’to raise contentions among my
people; therefore, I will slay him. Now the eyes-of
the people were blinded; therefore, they hardened
their hearts against the words of Abinadi, and: they
sought from that time forward to take him. -And
king Noah hardened-his heart against the word of the
Lord; and he did not repent of his evil doings.

And it came-to pass that after the space of two
years, that Abinadi came among them in disguise, that
they knew him not, and began te prophesy among
them, saying, thus:has the Lord commanded me, say-
ing: Abinadi, go.and prophesy unto this my- people,
for they have hardened their hearts against my words;
they have repented not of their evil doings; therefore,
I will visit them in my anger, yea, in my fierce anger
will I visit them in their iniquities and abominations;
yea, wo be unto this generation. And the Lord said
untome, stretch forth thy hand, and prophesy, saying,
thus saith the Lord: it shall come to pass that this:
generation, because of their iniquities, shall be brought
into bondage, and shall be smitten on the cheek: yea,
and shall be driven by men, and shall be slainy and
the vultures of the air, and the dogs, yea, and the wild
beasts, shall devour their flesh, > b S

And it shall come to pass that the life of king Noah
shall be valued even as a garment ina hot furnace; for
he shall know that I am-the Lord. and?it- shall come
to pass that Iwill smite this my people with sore afilic-
tions; yea, with famine and with pestilence; and I’
will cause that they shall how] all the day-long. Yea,
and I will cause that they shall, have burdens lashed
upon their backs; and they shall be driven before; like
a dumb ass. ; .

And it shall come to pass that I will send forth hail
among them,’ and it shall smite them; and they shall
also be smitten with the east wind: and insects shall
pester their. land also, and devour their grain. And
they shall be smitten witha’ great pestilence: and all
this will J do, because’of their iniquities'and abomina-

ions, wah bie
And it-shall-come:to’ pass that except they repent, I-
will utterly destroy-them from off the face of the earths:
