Egypt, out ofthe louse of bondage. Thoushalt have
no other’God before me. Thou shalt not make unto
thee any graven image, or any-likeness of any thing
in heavenabove, or things whichare in the earth: be-
neath.; Now Abinadi saidunto them, have ye done
all this? -Isay:unto you, nay, ye have:-not.. And
have ye taught this people that they should do albthese
things? ~ I say unto you, nay, ye have not.

And now when the king had-heard these words, he
said unto his priests; away~ with this. fellow, and-sla.
him: for what have we to do with:him, for he is mad.
And they stood forth and attempted to lay their hands
on him: but he. withstood them, and said unto them,
touch me not, for'God shall smite youaf ye lay your
hands upon me, for I have not delivered the message
which the Lord sent me to deliver; neither have:I told
you that which ye requested that I shoud telly. there-
fore, God will not suffer that I shall be destroyed at
this time. ButI must fulfil the commandments where-
with God has:commanded me, and because I have: told
you the truth, ye are angry with me.  Andagain, be-
cause Ihave spoken the word of God, ye have judged
me that I am mad. tes

Now it:came to pass after Abinadi had spoken these
words, that the people of king Noah. durst not lay 
their hands on him; :for'the: Spirit-of the Lord was.up-
on him; and his face shone with exceeding lustre, even
as Moses’ did while in the mount of Sinai, while
speaking with the Lord. a he spake with power
and authority from God; and he continued his words,
saying, ye see that ye have not power to slay me,
theretore I finish my message’. Yea, and I perceive
that it cuts you to your hearts, because I tell you the .
truth concerning your iniquities; yea, and my words
fill you with wonder and amazement, and with anger.
But I finish-my message;and:/then it. matters not
whither T: go; if: itso. be that:Zam saved. But-this®
much [tell you: what you. do with me, after this, shall
beas a type anda shadow of things which are-to come.
And now I read-unto you the-remainder of the com-
mandments.of God, for  -perceive that they are not
written in your hearts; I perceive that ye have stud-
ied and taught iniquity the most part of your lives... ,.
 And-now, ye remember.that. I'said unto. you, thow ©
shalt not make-unto thee any:graven: image, .orany>
likeness: of ane which are in heaven above, 2 ek _
are in the earth beneath, or whichare in’ the water

 
