sins and iniquities of his. people,'that they must una
voidably perish, notwithstanding the law of -Moses..-
And riow I say unto you, that it was expedient that
there should be a law given to the children of Israel,
yea, even a very strict law; for they were a stiffneck-
ed people: quick to do iniquity, and’slow. to remem-
ber the Lord their God; therefore there was a law. giv-
en them, yea, a law of performances and of ordinan-
ces, a law which they were to observe. strictly, from
day to day, to keep them in remembrance of God, and
their duty towards him. But behold, I say unto you,
that all these things were types of things to come:.
And now, did they understand the law? I say unto
you, nay, they did not.all understand the law; and
this beeause of the hardness of their hearts: for they
understood not that there could not any man be saved,
except it were through the redemption of.God. For
behold, did not Moses prophesy unto them concerning
the coming of the Messiah, and that God .should.re-
deem his people, yea, and even all the prophets: who
have prophesied ever since the world began? Have
they not spoken more or less concerning these things?
Have they not said-that Goa hiniself should come
down among the children of men, and take upon him.
the form of man, and go forth in mighty: power upon
the face of the earth? Yea, and have they not. said
also, that he should bring to pass. the resurrection of
the dead, and that he, himself, should be oppressed
and afflicted?) Yea, even doth. not Isaiah say, who
hath believed our report, and:to whom is the arm of
the Lord revealed? for heshall grow up before him as
a tender plant, and as-a root.out of dry ground: he
hath no form nor comeliness; and when we shall see
him, there is no beauty that we should desire him..
He is despised and rejected of men; a man of sorrows,
and acquainted with grief: and we hid.as it were-our
face from::him; he was despised, and we esteemed
him not. ooh
Surely he--has borne our griefs, and-carried-our sor~
rows: yet we didesteem him stricken, smitten of God,
and afflicted... But he was wounded for our transgres-
sions, he was bruised. forour: iniquities; the chatise-\
ment of our peace was upon him; and: with his stripes
we are healed. Allwe, like sheep; have gone astray;:
we have turned every one to his own way; andthe:
LordHath laid on’ him the iniquities of us:all.: He was. 
oppressed, and’he was afflicted,yet. he opened not:his:
