Paes en eee

mouth: he is brought asa-lamb to the'sliughter; and
as asheep before her shearers is dumb, so he opened
not his mouth, .He was taken-from_ prison and from
judgment: and who shall declare his generation? for
he was cut off out.of the land of the living: for the
transgressions of my people was he stricken. And he
made his grave with the. wicked, and withthe rich in
his death; because -he.had done no evil,-neither was
any deceit in:his mouth.

Yet it pleased the. Lord to bruise:him: he hath put
him: to grief: when thou: shalt make his soul an offer.
ing for sin, he shall see his seed, he shall prolong his
days, and the pleasure of the Lord shall-prosper in his
hand. Heshall see of the travail of his soul, and shall
be satisfied: by his knowledge shall my righteous ser-
vant justify many; for he shall bear. their iniquities..
Therefore will I divide him a. portion with. the great,
and he shall divide the spoil with the strong; because
he-hath poured out his soul unto death: and he was
numbered with the transgressors; and he bare the sins
of many, and made intercession for the transgressors.

And now Abinadi said unto. them, I would that ye
should understand that God himself shall come down
among the children of men, and-shall redeem his :peo-
ple; and beeause he dwelleth in flesh, he shall be call-
ed the Son of God: and having subjected the flesh to
the will of the Father, being the Father and the Sou;
the Father, because he was conceived by the power of
God; and the Son, because of the flesh; thus becom:
ing the Father and Son: and they are-one God, yea;
the very eternal Father-of heaven and of  earth;' and
thus.the flesh becoming subject. to.the Spirit, or the
Son tothe Father, being one God, suffereth tempta-
tion, and yieldeth not to the temptation, but suffereth
himself to be mocked, and scourged, and cast out, and
disowned by his people. And after all. this, after
working many mighty miracles among the children
of men. he shall be led, yea, even as Isaiah said, as.a
sheep before the shearer is dumb, so he opened nat his
mouth; yea, even so he shall- be led, crucified and
slain, the flesh becoming subject even unto death, the
will of the Son being swallowed up in the will of the
Father; and thus God breaketh the bands of death;
having gained the victory oyer death; giving. the Son

ower to make intercession for the children-of: men:
ving ascended into: heaven; having the bowels of
mercy; being filled with compassion toward the.child-
