for.so shall he be called. '-And now,. the resurrection
of all the. prophets, and all those that have believed-in
their words, or all those that have kept. the. command-
ments of God, shall come forth. im the. first -resurrec-
tion; therefore, they are the first resurrection, They
are raised to dwell. with God who h&s redeemed them:
thus they have eternal life through Christ,. who. has
broken the bands of death. And these are those who
have part in the first resurrection; and these are they
that have died before Christ came, in their ignorance,
not having salvation declared unto them. And thus
the Lord bringeth. about the restoration of these;. and
they have a part in the first resurrection, or have eter-
nal life, being redeemed by the Lord. And little chil.
dren also have eternal life, But behold, and_fear, and
tremble before God; for ye ought to tremble: for the
Lord redeemeth none such that rebel against him,
and die in their sins; yea, even all those that have
perished in their sins ever since the world began, that
have wilfully rebelled against God, that. have known
the commandments of God, and would not keep them;
these are they that have no part in the first resurrec-
tion. Therefore had ye not ought .to tremble? For
salvation cometh to none such; for the Lord hath re-
deemed none such; yea, neither can the Lord redeem
such; for he cannot deny himself}. for he. cannet.de-
ny justice when it has its claim.

And now I say unto you, that the time shall come
that the salvation of the. Lord shall-be declared to eve-
ry nation, kindred, tongue, and people. Yea, Lord,
thy.watehmen shall lift up their voice; with.the voice
together shall they sing: for they shall see eye to eye,
when the Lord shall. bring again Zion,. Break forth
into. joy, sing together, ye waste places of Jerusalem:
for the Lord hath comforted. his people,.he hath re-
deemed, Jerusalem. .. The. Lord hath made bare his ho-
ly arm.in the eyes of all the nations: and all the ends
of the earth shal! see the salvation of our God. . ,

And now it came to. pass thatafter Abinadi had.spo-
ken these words, he stretched forth his hand and.xaid,
the time shall-come when.all shall see the galvation of
the Lord; when every nation, kindred, tongue and
people, shall see eye to eye, and. shall confess before
God that his. judgments are just; and then. shall.the
wicked be cast out, and they shall have cause to howl,
and. weep, and.wail,.and gnash, their teeth; .and.this
beeause they would not-bearken unto the voice of the
