in:Mormon:a: fountain-of puree water, and:Alma-re-
sorted thither, there being near the water a. thicket of
small trees,. where he did hide himself in the day-time,
from the searches of the king, And it came to. pass
that.as many as believed him, went. thither to hear
his. words. And it came to pass after many days,
there were a goodly number gathered together to the
place of Mormon, to hear the words of Alma.” Yea
all were gathered together that believed on his word,
to hear him. And he did teach them,and did preach
unto them repentance, and redemption, and faith on
the Lord.

And it came to pass that he said unto them, behold,
here.are the waters of Mormon; for thus were they
called. And now, as ye are desirous to come into the
fold of God, and to be called his people, and are will-
ing to bear one another's burdens, that they may be
light; yea, and are willing to mourn with those that
mourn; yea, and comfort those that stand. in need of
comfort, and to stand as witnesses of God at all times,
and in all things, and in all places that ye may bein,
even until death, that ye may be redeemed of. God,
and be numbered with those of the first resurrection,
that ye may have eternal life: Now I say unto you,
if this: be the desire of your hearts,, what have you
against being baptized in the name of the Lord, asa
witness before him that ye have entered into a cove-
nant with him that ye will serve him and keep his
commandments? that he may pour out his spirit more
abundantly upon you. And now when the people
had heard these words, they clapped their. hands for
joy, and exclaimed, this is the desire of our hearts.

And. now it came to pass that Alma:took Helam,
he being one of the first, and went and stood -forth in
the water, and cried, saying, O Lord, pour out th
spirit upon thy servant, that he may do this wor
with holiness of heart. And when.he had said these
words, the spirit of the Lord was upon him, and. he
said, Helam, I baptize thee, having authority from the
Almighty. God, as.a testimony that ye have. entered
into a covenant to serve him until youvare dead, as to
the-mortal, body; and. may. the spirit of the Lord be
poured out upon -you; and may he grant unto you
eternal. life, through the redemption. of Christ, whom
he has prepared from the foundation of the world..
And after Alma had.said: these words, both Alma-and:
Helam.were buried inthe water; and: they arose-and
