eame forth:out ofthe water rejoicing, being filled with.
thespirit.. And.again, Alma:took another,.and went
forth a second: time: into the water, and baptized: him!
according to the first, only he did not bury himself
again in the, water. And after this manner he. did
baptize every one. that went forth to the place of Mor-
mon: and they were in number about two hundred
and four souls; yea, and they were baptized in the
waters of Mormon, and were filled with the grace of
God: and they were called the church of God, or the
church of Christ, from that time-forward.

And it came to pass that whosoever was baptized
by the power and authority of God, was added to: his
elurch,

And it came to pass that Alma, having authority
from God, ordained priests; even one priest to every
fifty,of their number did -he ordain to preach unto
them, and to teach them concerning the things per-
taining to the kingdom of God. . And he commanded
them that they should teach nothing save it were the
things which he had tanght, and which had been
spoken by the mouth ofthe holy prophets, Yea, even
he:commanded them that they should preach nothing
saye it-were repentance and faith on the- Lord, who
had redeemed his people. And he commanded them
that there should -be:no.contention one with another;
but that they should look forward with one eye, hav-
ing one faith and one baptism; having their. hearts
knit.together in unity and in love, one towards anoth-
er, And thus he commanded them to preach. And
thus they became the children of God. And he com-
manded them that they-should observe the Sabbath
day, and:keep it holy, and also every day they should
give thanks to the: Lord their God. And he also
commanded them that the priests whom he had: or-
dained should labor with their own hands. for their
support; and there was one day in every week that
was set apart that they should gather themselves'to-
gether to teach the people, and -to:worship the Lord
their God,.and also as often.as it wasin their. power;
to assemble themselves together. And the priests
were not to depend upon the people for their support;
but for their labor they-ware to receive'the grace-of
God, that they might wax’strong in the spirit, havin:
the knowledge of God, that they might teach wit
power and authority from: God. And again Alma
commanded that the people of the church should im:
