part of their substance, -every one according to-that:
which he had; if he have more abundantly, he should:
impart more abundantly; and he: that. had but little,-
but little should: be required; and to him that had not
should be given. And thus they: should. impart.of
their substance, of their. own free’ will and good: de-
sires towards. God, and to those priests that stood in
need, yea, and to every needy, naked soul.’ And this
he said unto them, having beencommanded of God;
and they did walk uprightly before God, imparting to
one another, both temporally and spiritually, according
to their needs and their wants.

And now.it came to pass that all this was done in
Mormon; yea, by the waters of Mormon, in the for-
est that was near the waters of Mormon: yea, the
place of Mormon, the waters-of Mormon, the forest
of Mormon, how beautiful are they to the eyes of them
who there came to the knowledge of their Redeemer;
yea, and how blessed are they; for-they shall sing to
his praise forever. And these things were done in
the borders of the land, that they might not come to
the knowledge of the king. But behold, it came:to
pass that the king, having discovered a movement
among the people, sent his servants to watch them..
Therefore on the day that they were assembling them-
selves together to hear the word of. the Lord, they
were discovered unto the king. And now the king
said that Alma was stirring up the people to rebellion
against him; therefore he sent his army: to destroy
them. And-it came to pass that Alma, and the peo-
ple of the Lord were apprised of the coming of .the
king’s-army; therefore they took their tents and: their
families:and departed into the wilderness. And: they
were in number about four hundred and fifty/souls.

And. it came to pass that the army of the king re-
turned,: having searched in vain for the people of the
Lord. -And now behold, the forces of the king were
small, having been reduced,-and there -began to bea
division among the remainder of the people. And the
lesser part began to breathe out threatnings against
the king, and there began to bea great: contention
among them. And now. there was a’ man among
them whose name was Gideon, and he being a strong
man, and an enemy to the king, therefore he'drew his
sword and swore in his wrath, that he would slay. the
king: And: it:came topass-that-he fought, with the

king; and when the: kingsaw. that he was aboutto
