submitting themselves:to be smitten, and tobe driven
to and fro, and burdened, according to:the:desires: of
their enemies,’ And they did- humble themselves even
in the depths of humility; and they did cry mightily
to God; yea, even all the day long did they ery unto
their God, that he would deliver them out of. their af-
flictions. And now the Lord was slow to hear their
cry, because of their iniquities; nevertheless the Lord
did hear their cmes, and began to soften the hearts of
the Lamanites, that they began to ease their burdens;
yet the Lord did not see fit to deliver them out of
bondage.

And it came to pass that they began to prosper by
degrees in the land, and began to raise grain mere
abundantly, and -flocks, and herds, that they did not
suffer withhunger. Now. there was a great number of
women more than there was of men; therefore king
Limhi commanded that every man should impart to
the support of the widows and their children, that they
might not perish with hunger: and this they did, be-
cause of the greatness of their number that had been
slain. Now the people of Limhi kept together ina
body as muchas it was possible, and-secure their grain,
and their flocks; and the king himself did not trust his
person without the walls-of the city, unless he took
his guards with him, fearing that he might by some
means fail into the hands of the Lamanites.- And he
caused that his people should watch the land round
about, that by. some means they might take those
priests that fled into the wilderness, who had.stolen
the daughters of the Lamanites, and that had caused
such a great destruction to: come.upon them; for the
were desirous to take them, that they might punis
them: for they had: come into the Jand of Nephi by
night, and carried off their grain, and many of their
precious things; therefore they laid: wait for ther.

And it came to:pass that-there wasmo more disturb-
ance between:the. Lamanites:and the people of Limhi,
even until the time that’Ammon and his brethren
eame into the land. And the king having been with-
out the gates of the city with his guard,. discovered
Ammon and his brethren; and supposing them.to be
priestsof Noah, therefore-he caused that they:should
be taken, and bound, and east into prison. . -And-had
they been the priests of Noah, he would have caused
that they should be put’ to death; butwhen:he found
that they were-not, but that they were his:brethren;
