 

 

and. had come: from the land:of Zarahemla, he was
filled with exceeding great joy. _Now king Limhi had
sent,-previous to the coming of Ammon,.a small num-
ber of nen to search for the land of Zarahemla; but
they could not find it; and they were lost in the wilder-
ness. Nevertheless they did find a land which had
been peopled; yea, a land which was covered with dry
bones; yea, a land which had been peopled, and which
had been destroyed; and they having supposed it to be
the land of Zarahemla, returned to the land of Nephi,
having arrived in the borders of the land not many
days before the coming of Ammon. And they brought
a record. with them, even a record of the people whose
bones they had found; and they were engraven. on
plates of ore.’ And now Limhi was again filled with
joy, on learning from. the mouth of Ammon that king

Masia had a gift-from God; whereby he could: inter-
pret such engravings; yea, and Ammonalso did rejoice,
Yet Ammon and his-brethren were filled with sorrow,
because so many of their brethren had been slain; and
also that king Noah and his priests had caused the peo-
ple tocommit.so many sins and iniquities against God;
and they also: did mourn for the death of Abinadi; and
also for the departure:of Alma, and the people that
went with him, who had formed.a. church, of. God
through: the strength and:power of God, and faith on
the words which had: been .spoken by Abinadi; yea,
they did mourn for their departure, for they knew. not
whither they had fled. Now they would have gladly
joined with them,-forthey themselves had entered into
a covenant with God, to serve him, and keep his com-
mandments: . And now since the coming of Ammon
king Limhi had also entered into a covenant with God,
and also many of his people; to serve him, and keep
his commandments.  ,

 And it came to pass that king Limhi-and many-of
his people were:-desirous to be baptized; but there was
none inthe land that had-authority from God. And
Ammon declined doing this thing, considering himself
an unworthy servant; therefore they did not. at; that
time form themselves into a church, waiting upon the
spirit of the: Lord) Now:they were desirous to become
evenvas Alma andvhis. brethren; who had fled into the
wilderness. They were desirous te be baptized; as a
witness and a testimony that they were willing to
serve God withall-their hearts; nevertheless they did
prolong the time; and an account of their baptismshall
