be given hereafter. And:now-all the study of Ammon
and his people, and king Limhi and his.peaple, was
to deliver themselves out of the hands of the Laman-
ites, and from bondage.

i

CHAPTER X.

Axp now it came to pass that Ammon and king Lim-
hi began to consult with the people how they should
deliver themselves out of bondage; and even they did
cause that all the people should gather themselves to-
gether: and this they did that they might have the voice
of the. people concerning the matter. And it came
to pass that they could find no way to deliver them-
selves out of bondage, except it were to take their wo-
men and children, and their flocks, and their herds, and
their tents, and depart into the wilderness: for the La-
manites being. so.numerous that it was impossible for
the people of Limhi to contend with them, thinking
to deliver themselves out of bondage by the sword.

Now it came to pass that Gideon went forth and
stood before the king, and said unto him, now O king,
thou hast hitherto hearkened unto my words many
times when we have been contending with our breth-
ren, the Lamanites, And now O king, if thou hast
not found me to be an unprofitable servant, or if thou
hast hitherto listened to my words in any degree, and
they have been of service to. thee, even so I desire that
thou wouldst listen to my words at this time, and I
will be thy servant, and deliver this people out of
bondage. And the king granted unto him that he migh
speak. And Gideon said unto him, behold the back pass’
through the back wall, on the back side of the city.
The Lamanites, or the guards of the Lamanites, by
night, are drunken; therefore letus send a proclama-
tion among all this people, that they gather together
their flocks and herds, that they may drive them into
the wilderness by night. And I will go according to
thy command, and pay the last tribute of wine.to
the Lamanites, and they will be drunken; and, we
will pass through the secret. pass.on the left.of the
camp, when they are drunken and asleep: thus we will
depart with our women-and our children, our flocks
