stroy them.-.And they fled eight: days’ journey into
the wilderness, . And they cametoia land, yea, even:
a very. beautifiland. pleasant land; :ailand of pure
water. And they. pitched -their. tents, and: began. to
till the..ground, and: began. to build, buildings, &c.;
yea, they were industrious, and-did labor, exceedingly,
And the people were desirous that. Alma should be
their king, for he was beloved by his.people.. But he
said'unto them, behold, it.is not, expedient that we
should have a-king; for.thus saith, the Lord: Ye
shall not esteem one flesh.above another; er one man
shall-not think himself above another;. therefore I say
unto you, it is not expedient that ye should havea
king. - Nevertheless, if it were possible that.ye could
always have just men to be-your kings, it would
be well for you to have a king. But remember the
iniquity of king Noah and his priests: and. I-myself
was caught-in a snare, and-did- many things which
were abominable in the sight of the Lord, which caused
me sore repentance; nevertheless, after much. tribula-
tion, the Lord didj hear my cries, and did answer
my prayers, and has made me an instrument in-his
hands, in-bringing so many of you to a knowledge of
his truth. Nevertheless, in this I do not glory, for I
am unworthy to glory of myself.. And now. I say
unto you, ye have been oppressed by king Noah, and
have been in bondage to him and his priests, and have
been brought into iniquity by them; therefore-ye were
bound with the bands of iniquity. And now as ye
have been delivered, by the power of God, out of these
bonds; yea, even out of the hands of king Noah and
his people, and also from.the bonds of iniquity, even
so I desire that ye should stand fast in this liberty
wherewith ye have been made free, and that ye trust
no man to bea king over you; andalso trusting no one
to be your teacher nor your minister, except he be a
man of God, wa!king.in his ways and keeping his
eommandments. Thus. did Alma teach his people,
that every man should love his neighbor as himself:
that there should be no contention among them. And
now Alma was their high priest, he being the founder
of their church. And it came to.pass that none re-
ceived authority to preach orto: teach, except it. were
by him from God, Therefore he consecrated all their
priests, and. all. their. deachers, .and- none: were. con-
secrated except. they were just men.  Therefore they
did- watch. over- their people, and did. nourish them
