with things pertaining to righteousness. And it came
to pass that they began to prosper exceedingly in the
land;. and they called the land Helam. And it came
to pass that they did multiply and prosper exceeding]
in the land of Helam; and they built a city, whic
they called the cityof Helam. Nevertheless the Lord
seeth fit to chasten his people; yea, he trieth their
patience and their faith. Nevertheless, whosoever
puteth his trust in him, the same shall be lifted up.at
the last day. Yea, and thus it was with this people.
For behold, I will shew unto you that they were
brought into bondage, and none could deliver them
but the Lord their God; yea, even the. God of Abra-
ham and Isaac, and of Jacob. And it came to pass
that he did deliver them, and he did shew forth hig
mighty power unto them,and great were their rejoicings.
or behold; it came to pass that while they were in
the land of Helam, yea, in the city of Helam, while
tilling the land round about, behold an army of the
Lamanites were in the borders of the land. Now it
came to pass that the brethren of Alma fled from their
fields, and gathered themselves together into the city
of Helam; and they were much frightened because of
the appearance of the Lamanites. But Alma went
forth and stood among them, and exhorted them that
they should not be frightened, but that they should,re-
member the Lord their God, and he would deliver
them; therefore they hushed their fears, and began to
cry unto the Lord, that he would soften the hearts of
the Lamanites, that they would spare them, and their
wives, and their children. And it came to pass that
the Lord did soften the hearts of the Lamanites. And
Alma and his brethren went forth and delivered them-
selyes up into their hands; and the Lamanites took
possession of the land or Helam. Now the armiesof
the Lamanites which had followed after the people of
king Limhi, had been lost in the wilderness for many
days. And behold, they had found. those priests: of
king Noah, in a place which they called Amulon; and
they had began to possess the land of Amalon, and
had began to till the ground. Now the name of. the
leader of those priests was Amulon. And it came: to
pane chat Amulon did.plead with the Lamaniteg; and
e also sent forth their wives, who were the daughters
of the Lamanites,..to plead with their. brethren, that
they should not destroy their husbands, . And:the La-
