manites had cempassiononAmulon and his brethren,
and did not destroy them, because of their wives..
And Amilon and-his' brethren did join the Lamanites,
and they were traveling in the wilderness in search of
the land of Nephi, when they discovered'the land of
Helam, which was possessed by Alma and his breth-
ren. And it'came to pass that the Lamanites prom-
ised unto Alma and his brethren, that if they would
shew them the way which led to the-land of Nephi,
that they would grant unto them their livesand their
diberty. But after Alma had shewn them the way
that led to the land of Nephi, the Lamanites would
not keep their promise; but they set guards round
about the land of Helam, over Alma and his brethren.
And the remainder of them went to the land of Nephi;
and-a part of them returned: to the land of Helam, and
also brought with them the wives and the children of
the guards who had been left in the land. And the
king of the Lamanites had granted unto Amulon that
he should be a king anda ruler over his people, who
were in the land of Helam; nevertheless he should
have no power to do any thing contrary to the will of
the king of the Lamanites.

And it came to pass that Amulon did gain favorin
the eyes of the king of the Lamanites; therefore the
king of the Lamanites granted unto him and his breth-
ren, thut they should be appointed: teachers over his
people; yea, even over the people who were in the
land of Shemlon, and in the land of Shilom, and’ in
the land of Amulon: for the Lamanites had taken pos-
session of all these lands; therefore the king of the
Lamanites had appointed kings over all these lands..
And now the name of the-king of the Lamanites was
Laman, being called after the name of his-father; and
therefore he was called king Laman. And he was
king over anumerous people; and he appointed teach-
ers. of the brethren of Amulon, in every land. which
was possessed by his people: and thus the language of
Nephi beggn to be taught among all the people of the
Lamanites.’ And they werea people friendly one with
another; nevertheless they knew not God; neither did
the brethren of Ammon teach them any thing concert
ing the Lord their God, neither the law of Moses:
nor didthey teach them the words of Abinadi; but
they taught them that they should keep their record,

that they might write one.to another. And thus
the Lamanites began to increase in riches, and bega!
