I will go with thee, and deliver this' people out ofbond-
age.

Now it came to pass that Alma and his -people in
the night time, gathered their flocks together, and als
so of their grain; yea, even all the night time were
they gathering their flocks together. And in the morn-
ing the Lord caused a deep sleep to come upon the
Lamanites, yea, and all their task-masters were in a
profound sleep. And Alma and his people departed
into the wilderness; and when they had traveled all
day, they pitched their tents in a valley, and they call-
ed the valley Alma, because he led their way in the wil-
derness; yea, and in the valley of Alma they poured
out their thanks to God because he had been merciful
unto them, and eased their burdens, and had delivered
them out of bondage; for they were in bondage, and
none could deliver them, except it were the Lord their
God. And they gave thanks to God, yeajall their
men, and all their women, and all their children, that
could speak, lifted their voices in the praises of their
God.

And now the Lord said unto Alma, haste thee and
get thou and this people out of this land, for the La-
manites have awoke and do pursue thee; therefore get
thee out of this land, and I will stop the Lamanites in
this valley, that they come no further in pursuit of
this people. And it came to pass that they departed
out of the valley, and took their journey into the wil-
derness. And after they had been in the wilderness
twelve days, they arrived to the land of Zarahemla;
and king Mosiah did also receive them with joy, And
now king Mosiah caused that all the people should be
gathered together. Now there were not so many 0!
the children of Nephi, or so many of those who were
descendants of Nephi, as there were of the people of
Zarzhemla, who was a descendant of Mulok, and those
who came with him into the wilderness; and there
were not so many of the people of Nephi and of the
people of Zarahemla as there were of the Lamanites:
yea, they were not half so numerous. And now all
the people of Nephi were assembled together, and al-
so all the people of Zarahemla, and they were gather-
ed together in two bodies.

And it came to'pass that Mosiah did read; and:caus-
ed'to be read, the records of Zeniff to his people; yea;
he read the’ records’of the people of Zeniff; from: the
time they left the land of Zarahemla until they returo-
