edagain. And he also read the account of Alma and
his brethren, and all their afflictions,: from the time
they left the land of Zarahemla,. until the time they
returned again. And now when Mosiah had. made an
end of reading the records, his people who tarried:din
the land were struck with wonder and amazement, for
they knew not what to think; for when they beheld
those that had been delivered out of bondage, they
were filled with exceeding great joy. And again,
when they thought of their brethren who had been
slain by the Lamanites, they were filled with sorrow,
and even shed many tears of sorrow, and again, when
they: thought of the immediate goodness of God, and
his power in. delivering Alma and his brethren out of
the hands of the Lamanites,’and of bondage, they did
raise their voices, and give thanks to God. And again,
when they thought upon the Lamanites, who were
their bee thien, of their sinful and polluted state, they
were filled with pain and anguish, for the welfare of
their souls.

And it came to pass that those who were the child-
ren of Amulon.and his brethren, who had taken to
wife the daughters of the Lamanites, were displeased
with the conduct of their fathers, and they would no
longer be called by the names of their fathers, therefore
they took upon themselves the name of Nephi, that
they might be called the children of Nephi, and be
numbered among those who were called Nephites..
And now all the people of Zarahewila were numbered
with the Nephites, and this because the kingdom had
been conferred upon none but those. who were descend-
ants of Nephi.

And now it came.to- pass that when Mosiah had
made an end of speaking and reading tothe people, he
desired that Alma should also speak to the people, .
And: Alma did speak unto them, when they were as-
sembled together in large bodies, and he went from
one body to another, preaching unto the people re-
pentance and-faith on the Lord. And he did exhort
the people of Limhi and his brethren; all those that
had: been delivered. out.of bondage, that they should
remember that it was the Lord that did. deliver them,
And it came to pass that after Alma had taught. the
people many things, and had made an end of speaking
to them, that: king Limhi was desirous that he might
be:baptized;..and al]-his people were desirous that the
might be baptized also. . Therefore Alma did go forth
