to the church; and him will I also receive. For be-
hold, this.is my church: whosoever is baptized, shall
be baptized unto repentance,. And whosoever ye re-
ceive, shall believe in my name; and him will I freely
forgive: for it is I that taketh upon me the sins of the
world; for it is I that hath created them; and it is I
that granteth unto him that believeth in the end, a
place at my right hand. . For behold, in my name are
they called; and if they know me, they shall come
forth, and shall have a place eternally at my right
hand. And it shall come to pass that when the sec-
ond trump shall sound, then shall they that never knew
me come forth, and shall stand before me; and then
shall they know that Iam the Lord their God, that I
am their Redeemer; but they would not be redeemed.
And then will I confess unto them, that I never knew
them; and they shall depart into everlasting fire, pre-
pared for the devil and his angels. Therefore I say
unto you, that he that will not hear my voice, the
same shall ye not receive into my church, for him I
will not receive at the last day; therefore I say unto
you, go; and whosoever transgresseth against me, him
shall ye judge according to the sins which he has com-
mitted; and if he confess his-sins before thee and me,
and repenteth in the sincerity of his heart, him shall
ye forgive, and I will forgive him also; yea, and as of-
ten as my peoplerepent, willl forgive them their tres-
passes against me. And ye shall also forgive one an-
other your trespasses: for verily I say unto you, he
that forgiveth not hisneighbor’s trespasses, when he
says that he repents, the same hath brought himself
under condemnation. Now I say unto you, go; and
whosoever will not repent of his sins, the same shall
not be numbered among my people: and this shall be
observed from this time forward.

And it came to pass when Alma had heard these
words, he wrote them down, that. he might have them,
and that he might judge the people of that church, ac-
cording to the commandments of God.

And it came to pass that Alma went and judged
those that had been: taken in iniquity, according to the
word of the Lord. And whosoever repented of their
sins and did confess them, them he did number among
the people of the church; and. those that would not
confess their sins and repent. of their iniquity, the same
were not numbered among the people of. the church,
and their names were: blotted out. aa it came to pass
