therefore he led many of the people to-do after the
manner of his iniquities. And he became. a great
hinderment to the prosperity of the church of God:
stealing away the hearts of the people; causing much
dissension among the people; giving a chance for the
enemy of God to exereise his power over them.

And now it came to pass that while he was going
about to destroy the church of God: for he did go
about seeretly with the sons of Mosiah, seeking to de-
stroy the church, and to lead astray the people of the
Lord, contrary to the commandments of God, or even
the king; and as I said unto you, as they were going
about rebelling against God, behold, the angel of the
Lord appeared unto them; and he descended as it were
in a cloud; and he spake as it were with a voice'of
thunder, which caused the earth to shake up6n which
they stood; -and so great was their astonishment, that
they fell to the earth, and understood’ not the words
which he spake unto them. Nevertheless he cried
again, saying, Alma, arise, and stand forth, for why
persecuteth thou the church-of God? For the Lord
hath said, This is my chureh, and I will establish it;
and nothing shall overthrow it, save it is the transgres-
sion of my people. And again, the angel said behold,
the Lord hath heard the prayers of his people, and also
the prayers of his servant Alma, who is thy father:
for he has prayed with much faith concerning thee,
that thou mightest be brought to the knowledge of the
truth; therefore for this purpose have I come to con-
vince thee of the power and authority of God, that the
prayers of his servants might be answered according to
their faith. And now behold, can ye dispute the pow-
er of Godt For behold, doth not my voice shake the
earth? And can ye not also behold me before you?
And Lam sent from God, Now I say unto thee, go,
and remember the captivity of thy fathers in the land
of Helam, and in the land of Nephi; and remember
how great things he has done for them: for they were
in bondage, and he has deliveredthem. And now
I say unto thee, Alma, go thy way, and seek to de-
stroy the church no more, that their prayers may be
annem eros and this even if thou wilt of thyself be cast
off. ;

And now it came to’ pass that these were the last
words which the. angel spake unto Alma, and he de-

rted. And now Alma, and those’ that were with

im, fellagain to'the earth; for great was their:aston-
