cerning who should be their king. And it came to
pass that the voice of the people came, saying, we
are desirous that Aaron, thy son, should be our king,
and our ruler. Now Aaron had gone up to the land
of Nephi, therefore the king could not confer the king-
dom upon him; neither would Aaron take upon-him
the kingdom; neither were any of the sons of Mosiah
willing to take upon them the kingdom, therefore king
Mosiah sent againamong the people, yea, even a writ-
ten word sent he among the people. And these were
the words: that were written; saying: Behold, Oye
my people, or my brethren, for ] esteem you as such;
for I desire that ye should consider the cause which
ye are called te consider; for ye are desirous to have a

ing. Now I declare unto you, that be to whom the
kingdom doth rightly belong, has declined, and will
not take upoa him the kingdom. And now if there
should be another appointed in his stead, behold I fear
there would rise contentions among you; and who
knoweth but what my son, fo whom the kingdom doth
belong, should tura to be angry, and draw away'a part
of this people afier him, which would cause wars and
contentions among you; which would be the cause of
shedding much blood, and perverting the way of the
Lord; yea, and destroy the souls of many people.
Now I say unto you, let us be wise and consider these
things, for we have no right to destroy-my son, neith-
er should we have any right to destroy another, if he
should be appointed in his stead. And if my son
should turn agaii to his pride and vain things, he
would recall the things which he had said, and claim
his right to the kingdom, which would cause him and
also this people to commit much sin. And now let us.
be wise and look forward to these things, and do:that
which will make for the peace of this people. There-
fore I will be your king the remainder of my days;
nevertheless, let _us appoint judges, to judge this peo-
ple according to our law, and we will newly arrange
the affairs of this people, for we will appoint wise men
to be judges, that will judge this people according to
the commandments of bod. Now it is better thata
man should be judged of God than of man, forthe
judgments of God are always just, but the judgments
of man are not always just; therefore, if it were pos-
sible that ye could have just’ men: to be your kings,
who would establish the laws of God, and judge'this
people according to his commandments; yea, if ye
