not fear nor tremble, but that they. might lift up. their
heads and rejoice: for the Lord had created all men,
and had also redeemed all men; and inthe end, all
men should have eternal life. And-it came to pass
that he did teach these things so much, that-many did
believe on his words, even so many that they began
to support him and give him money; and. he began
to be lifted up in the pride of his heart, and to wear
very costly apparel; yea, and even began to establish
a church, after the manner of his preaching,

And it came to pass as he was going to preach to
those who believed on his word, he met a man who
belonged to the church of God, yea, even one of their
teachers; and he began to contend with him sharply,
that he might lead away the people of the church;
but the man withstood him, admonishing him with
the words of God. Now the name of the man was
Gideon; and it was he who was an instrument in the
hands of God, in delivering the peoole of Limhi out of
bondage. Now because Gideon withstood him with
the words of God, he was wroth with Gideon, and
drew his sword and began to smite him.. Now Gide-
on being stricken with many years therefore he was
not able to withstand his blows, therefore he was slain
by the sword; and the man who slew him was taken
by the people of the church, and was brought. be-
fore Alma, to be judged according to the crime which
he had committed. And it came to pass that he stood
before Alma, and plead for himself with much bold-
ness. But Alma said unto him, behold, this is the
first time that priestcraft has been introduced among
this people. And behold, thou art not only guilty of
priestcraft, but hast endeavored to enforce it by the
sword; and were priestcraft to be enforced among this
people, it would prove their entire destruction. And
thou hast shed the blood of a righteous man, yea, a
man who has done much good among this people; and
were we to spare thee, his blood would come upon-us
for vengeance; therefore thou art condemned to:die,
according to the law which has been given us by, Mo-
siah, our last king; and they have been acknowledged
by this people; therefore this people must. abide by
the law.

And it came to pass that they took him;: and his
name was Nehor; and they carried him: upon the top
of the hill Manti, and.there: he was. caused, or. rather
did acknowledge, between the heavena.and. the earth,
