the land of Zarahemla; in the course of the land of
Nephi; we saw a numerous host of the Lamanites;
and behold, the Amlicites have joined them, and they
are upon our brethren in that land; and they are flee-
ing before them with their flocks, and their wives, and
their children, towards our city; and except we make
haste, they obtain poxsession of our city; and our
fathers, and our wives, and our children be slain.

And it came to pass that the people of Nephi took
their tents, and departed out of the valley of Gideon
towards their city, which was the city of Zarahemla.
And behold, as they were crossing the river Si-
don, the Lamanites and the Amlicites, being as: nu-
merous almost, as it were, as the sands of the sea,
came upon them. to destroy them; nevertheless the
Nephites, being strengthened by the hand of the Lord,
having prayed mightly to him -that he would deliver
them out of the hands of their enemies; therefore the
Lord did hear their cries, and did strengthen them,
and the Lamanites and the Amlicites did fall before
them. And it came to pass that Alma fought with
Amlici with the sword, face to face; and they did con-
tend mightily, one with another.

And it-caine to pass that Alma, being a man.o? God,
being exercised: with much faith, cried, saying, O Lord,
have merey and spare my hfe, that I may be an instru-
ment in thy hands, to save and preserve ,this people.
Now when Alma had:said- these words, he contended
again with Amlici; and he was strengthened, inso-
much that he slew Amlici with the sword. And he
also contended with the king of the Lamanites; but
the king of the Lamanites fled back from before Alma,
and sent his guards to contend with Alma. Bat Alma,
with his guards, contended with the guards of -the
king of the Lamanites, until he slew and drove them
back; and thus he cleared the ground, orirather:the
bank, which was on the west of the river Sidon, throw:
ing the bodies of the Lamanites who had been slain,
into the waters of Sidon, that thereby his people might
have room to cross. and contend with the Lamanites
and the Amlicites, on the west side of the river Sidon,

Andit came'to pass that when they had all crossed
the river Sidon that the Lamanites and the Amlicites
began to flee before them, notwithstanding they were
#0 numerous that they could not be. numbered; and
they fled. before the Nephites, towards the wilderness
