his people, that. they might not” mix and, believe in in-
correct traditions which would prove their destruction.
And it came to pass that whosoever did mingle his
seed with that of the Lamanites, did bring the same
curse upon his seed; therefore whomsoever suffered
himself to be led away by the Lamanites, were called
that head, and there-was a mark set upon him. And. it
came to pass that whosoever would not believe in the
tradition of the Lamanites, but believed those records
which were brought out.of the land of Jerusalem,.and
also in the tradition of their fathers, which were correct,
who believed in the commandments of God, and kept
them, were called the Nephites, or the people of Nephi,
from that time forth; and it is taey who have kept the
records which are true of their people, and. also of the
people of the Lamanites. Now we will return again to
the Amlicites, for they also had a mark set upon them;
yea, they set the-mark upon themselves; yea, even,a
mark of red upon their foreheads.. Thus the word of God
is fulfilled, for these are the words which he said to Ne-
phi: Beheld, the Lamanites have I cursed; and [will
seta mark on them, that they and their seed may be
separated from thee and thy seed, from this time hence-
forth and forever, except they repent of their wicked-
ness and turn to me, that I may have mercy upon them.
And again: I wiil set a mark upon him that mingleth
his seed with thy brethren, that they may be cursed also.
And again: I will seta mark vpon him that fighteth
against thee and thy seed. AndagainI say, he that de-
pena from thee, shall no more be called thy seed; and.
will bless thee, &c. and whomsoeyer shall be called
thy seed, henceforth and. forever: and these were the
promises. of the Lord unto Nephi, and to his seed... Now
the Amlicites knew. not. that they were fufilling.the
words of God, when they began to mark themselvesin
their foreheads; nevertheless. they had come out: in
open rebellion against God; therefore it was expedient
thatthe curse should fall upon: them. . Now I would
that ye should see that they brought upon themselves
the curse; and even so doth-every man. that is cursed,
bring upon himself his own condemnation. sick
Nowit came. to pass that not. many days after the
battle which was: fought.in the land of Zarahemla, by
the Lamanites:and the: Amlicites, that there. was. an-
other army:of the Lamanites:came in upon the people
of Nephi, in the same. place, where the first army met
the Amlicites. And it came-to. pass that there was an
