white: yea, his garments must be purified until they
are cleansed from all stain, through the blood of him
of whom it has been spoken by our fathers who should
come to redeem his people from their sins. - And now
Task of you, my brethren, how'will any of you feel, if
ye shall stand before the bar of God, having your gar-
ments stained with blood, and all manner of tilthiness?
Behold, what will these things testify against you?
Behold, will they not testify that ye are murderers,
yea, and also that ye are guilty of all manner of wick-
edness? Behold, my brethren, de ye suppose that
such an one can have a place to sit down in the king-
dom of God, with Abraham, with Isaac, and with
Jacob, and also all the holy prophets, whose garments
are cleansed, and are spotless, pure and white? I say
unto you, nay, except ye make our Creator a liar from
the beginning, or suppose that heis a liar from the be-
ginning, ye cannot suppose that such can have place
in the kingdom of heaven, but they shall be cast out,
for they are the children of the kingdom of the devil.
And now behold, I say unto you, my brethren, if ye
have experienced a change of heart, and if ye have
felt to sing the song of redeeming love, I would ask,
can ye feel sonow? Have ye walked, keeping your-
selves blameless before God? Could ye’ say, if ye
were called to die at this time, within yourselves, that
ye have been sufficiently humble? That your gar-
ments have been cleansed and made white, through the
blood of Christ, who will come to redeem his people
from their sins? Behold, are ye stripped. of pride?
I say unto you, if ye are not, ye are not prepared to
meet God. Behold ye must prepare quickly, forthe
kingdom of heaven is soon at hand, and such an one
hath not eternal life. Behold, 1 say, is there one
among you who is not stripped of envy? I say unte
you, that such an one is not prepared, and I would
that he should prepare quickly, for the hour is close
at hand, and he knoweth not when the time shall
come; for such an one is not found guiltless.

And again I say unto you, is there one among you
that doth make'a mock of his brother, or that heapeth
upon him persecutions? Wo unto such an one, for
he’is not prepared, and the time is dt hand that he
must repent, or he cannot be saved; yea; even wo wn-
to-all ye workers of iniquity; repent, repent, for the
LordGod- hath spoken it. Behold, he sendeth’an in-
vitation unto all men; forthe arms of mercy are ex-
