tended towards them, and he-saith, repent, and J
will reeeive you: yea, he saith, come unto me and
ye shall partake of the fruit of the tree of life; yea, ye
shall eat and drink of the bread and the waters of hfe
freely; yea, come unto me and bring forth works of
righteousness, and ye shall not be hewn down and
cast into the fire: for behold, the time is at-hand that
whosoever bringeth forth not good fruit, or whosoever
doeth not the works of righteousness, the same haye
cause to wail and mourn. O ye workers of iniquity;
ye that are puffed up in the vain things of the world;
ye that have professed to have known the ways of
righteousness; nevertheless have gone astray, as sheep
having no shepherd, notwithstanding a shepherd hath
called after you, and art still calling after you, but ye
will not hearken unto his voice. Behold, I say unto
you, that the good shepherd doth call you; yea, and
in his own name he doth call you, which is the name
of Christ; and if ye will. not hearken unto the voice
of the good shepherd, to the name by which ye are
called, behold, ye are not the sheep of the good shep-
herd. And now if ye are not the sheep of the good
shepherd, of what fold are ye? Behold, I say unto
you, that the devil is your shepherd, and ye are of his
fold; and now who can deny this?’ Behold, I say un-
to.you, whosoever denieth this, is a liar and a child
of the devil; for I say unto you, that whatsoever
is good, cometh from God, and whatsoever is evil,
cometh from the devil; therefore, if a man_ bring:
eth forth good works, he hearkeneth unto the voice of
the good shepherd, and he deth follow him; but who-
soever bringeth forth evil works, the same becometh a
child of the devil: for he hearkeneth unto his yoice,
and doth follow him. And whosoever doeth this
must receive his wages of him; therefore, fur his wa-
ges he receiveth death, as to things pertaining unto
righteousness, being dead unto all good works. And
now my brethren, 1 would that ye should hear me, for
I speak in the energy of my soul; for behold, 1 have
spoken unto you plain, that ye cannot err, or have
spoken according to the commandments of God.. For
Tam called to speak after this manner, according: to
the holy order of God, which is in Christ. Jesus; yea
I.am.commanded to stand and testify unto this people
the things which have. been. spoken. by. our) fathers,
concerning the things which are to: come, And: this
is not all. Do ye not suppose’ that.) know: of. these
