withstand these sayings; yea, can ye lay aside these
things, and trample the holy. one under your feet: yea,
can ye be puffed up in the pride of your hearts; yea,
will ye still persist in the wearing of costly apparel,
and setting your hearts upon the vain things of the
world, upon your riches; yea, will ye persist in sup-
posing that ye are better one, than another: yea, will
ye persist in the persecutions of your brethien, who
humble themselves, and do walk after the holy order
of God, wherewith they have been brought into this
church, having been sanctified by the holy spirit: and
they do bring forth works which are meet for repent-
ance; yea, and will-you persist in turning your backs
upon the poor, and the needy, and in. withholding
your substance from them? And finally, all ye that
will persist in your wickedness,  say unto you, that
these are they who shall be hewn down and cast. into
the fire, except they speedily repent.

And now I say unto you, all you that are desirious
to follow tre voice of the good shep'ierd, come ye out
from the wicked, and be ye separate, und touca not
their unclean things; and bebold, their names shall-be
blotted out, that the names of the wicked shall not be
numbered among the names of the righteous, that the
word of God may be fulfilled, which saith, the names.of
the wicked shall not be mingled with the names of my
people. For the names of the righteous shall be written
in the book of life; and unto them will [ grant an inher-
itance at my tight hand. And now my brethren, what
have ye to say against this? [ say unto you, if ye speak
against it, it matters not, for the word of God. must
be fulfilled. For what shepherd is there among you
having many.sheep, doth not watch over them, that
the wolves enter not and devour his flock? And _be-
hold, if a wolf enter bis flock, doth he not drive him
out? Yea, and at the lest, if he can, he will destroy
him. And now I say anto you, that the good shep-
herd doth call after you; and if you will hearken unte
his voice, he will bring you into his fold, and ye. are
his sheep; and he commandeth you that ye suifer ne
ravenous wolf to enter among you, that ye may not
be destroyed.

And now I, Alma, do. command you in the langueg?
of him who hath commanded me, ihat,. ye..observe, to
do the words-which,I have. spoken unto you.....J speak
by way..of commend: unto. you. that belong..to the

surch; .andunto:those sho. do..not belong, to; the
