God, who should come to redeem his people from
their sins; and the holy order by which he was called.
And thus it is written.’ Amen:

.-.

CHAPTER V.

The words of Alma which he delivered to the people in
Gideon, according to his own record.

Bruotp my beloved brethren, seeing that I have
been permitted to come unto you, therefore J attempt
to address you in my language; yea, by my own
mouth; seeing that it is the first time that I have
spoken unto you by the words of my mouth, I having
been wholly confined to the judgment seat, having
had much business that I could not come unto you;
and even I could not have.come now at this time, were
it not that the judgment seat hath been given to an-
other, to reign in my stead; and the Lord in much
mercy hath granted that I should come unto. you..
And behold, I have come having great hopes and
much desire that I should find that ye had humbled
vourselves before God, and that ye had continued in
the supplicating of his grace, that I should find: that
ye were blameless before him; that I should. find that
ye were not in the awful dilemma that our brethren
were in at Zarahemla; but blessed be the name of
God, that he hath given me to know, yea, hath given
unto me the exceeding great joy of knowing that they
are established again in the way of his. righteousness.
And  trust, according to the spirit of God which is in
me, that I shall also -have joy over you; nevertheless I
do not desire that my joy over you, should come by the
cause of so much afilictionsand: sorrow which. have
had for the brethren at Zarahemla: for behold, my joy,
corheth over them after wading through much afilic-
tionsand sorrow. But behold, I trust that ye are not
inva state of so. much unbelief as were your: brethren:
I trust that ye are not lifted -up~in the pride of your
hearts: yea, I trust:that-ye have not set-your hearts up-
on riches, and the vain things of the world; yea; I trast
that you do not worship idols; but that ye do worship
the true and the living God, and that ye look forward
