tion; yea, come and go forth, and shew unto your
God that ye are willing to repent of your-sins, and
enter into a coyenant with him-to keep his command-
ments, and witness it unto him this day, by going in-
to the waters of baptism; and whosoever doetli this,
and keepeth the commandments of God. from thence-
forth, the same will remember that I say unto him,
yea, he will remember that 1 have said unto him, he
shall have eternal life; according to the testimony of
the Holy Spirit, which testifieth in me. And now
my beloved brethren, do-you believe these things? Be-
hold, I say unto you, yea, I know that ye believe
them; and the way that I know that yebelieve them,
is by the manifestation of the spirit which is in me.
And now because your faith is strong concerning that,
yea, concerning the things which I have spoken,
great ismy joy. Tor as] said unto:you from the be-
ginning, that I had much desire that ye were not in
the state of dilemma like your brethren, even so I
have found that my desires have been gratified... For
{ perceive that ye are in the paths of righteousness; I
perceive that ye arein the path which leads to-the
Kingdom of God; yea, I perceive that ye are making
his paths straight; I perceive that it has been made
known unto you by the testimony of his word, that
he cannot walk in crooked paths; neither doth he va-
ry from that which he hath said; neither hath hea
shadow of turning from the right to the left, or from
that whichis right to that which is wrong; therefore,
his course is ohne eternal round. And ie doth not
dwell in peren temples; neither can filthiness, or
any thing which is unclean be received into the king-
gom of God; therefore I say unto. you, the time shall
come, yea, and it shall be at the last day, that he who
is filthy, shall remain in his filthiness.

And now my beloved brethren, I have said these
things unto you, that I might awaken you to a sense
of your duty to God, that ye may walk’ blameless: be-
fore him; that ye may walk after the holy order of
God, after which ye have been received.’ And now I
would that ye should be humble, and be submissive,

vand gentle; easy to be entreated; full of patience
and long suffering; being temperatein all things; be-
ing diligent in keeping the conimandments of God at
all times; asking for whatsoever things ye stand in
need, both spiritual and teniporal; always returning
thanks unto God for whatedever things ye do’ receive,
