at Melek, he departed thence, and travelled three
days’ journey on the north of the land of Melek; and
he came toa city which was called Ammonihah..
Now it was the custom of the people of Nephi, to call
their lands, and their cities, and their villages, yea,
even all their small villages, after the name of him
who first possessed them; and thus it was with the
Jand of Ammonihah.

And it came to pass that when Alma had come to
the city of Ammonihah, he began to preach the word
of God unto them. Now satan had gotten great hold
upon the hearts of the people of the city of Ammonihah;
therefore they would not hearken unto the words of Al-
ma. Nevertheless Alma labored much in the spirit,
wrestling with Godin mighty prayer, that he would
pour out his spirit upon the people who were in the city;
that he would also grant that he might baptize them
unto repentance; nevertheless, they hardened their
hearts, saying unto him, behold, we know that thou
art Alma; and we know that thou art high priest over
the church which thou hast established in many parts
of the land, according to your tradition; and we are
not of thy church, and we do not believe in such fool-
ish traditions. And now we know that because we
are not of thy church, we know that thou hast no pow-
er over us; and thou hast delivered up the judgment
seat unto Nephihah; therefore thou art not the chief
judge over us. Now when the people had said this,
and bad withstood all his words, and reviled him, and
spit upon him, and caused that he should be cast out
of their city, he departed thence and took his journey
towards the city which,was called Aaron.

And it came to pass that while he was journeying
thither, being weighed down with sorrow, wading
through much tribulation and anguish of soul, because
of the wickedness of the people who were in the city
of. Ammonihah, it came to pass that while Alma was
thus weighed down with sorrow, behold an angel of
the Lord appeared unto him, saying, blessed art thou,
Alma; therefore lift up thy head and rejoice, for thou
hast great cause to rejoice: for thou hast been faithful
in keeping the commandments of God irom the time
which thou received thy first message from him. Be-
hold, I am he that delivered it unto you; and behold,
I am sent to command thee that. thou return to the
city of Ammonihah,:and preach again unto the people
of the city; yea, preach unto them, .. Yea, say unte
