them, except they repent, the Lord God will destroy
them. . For behold, they-do study at this time that
they may destroy the liberty of thy people, (for thus
saith the Lord,) which iscontrary to the statutes, and
judgments, and commandments whieh he has given
unto his people. ,

Now it came to pass that after Alma had received
his message from the angel of the Lord, he returned
speedily to the land of Ammonihah. And he entered
the city by another way, yea, by the way which is on
the south of the city of Ammonihah. And as he en-
tered the city he was.an hungered, and he said toa
man, will ye give to an humble servant of God some-
thing to eat? And the man said unto him, I am a Ne-
phite, and I know that thou art a holy prophet of
God, for thou art the man whom an angel said ina
vision, thou shalt receive; therefore go with me into
my house, and  will impart unto thee of my food; and
I Loam that thou will be a blessing unto me and my
house. And it came to pass that the man received
him into his house; and the man was called Amulek;
a he brought forth bread and:meat, and sat before

ma,

And it came to pass that Alma ate bread and was
filled; and he. blessed Amulek and his house, -and he
gave thanks unto God. -And after he had eat and was
filled, he said unto Amulek, Iam Alma, and am the
high priest over the church of God throughout the
land.. And behold,.I have. been called to preach :the
word of God among all this.people; according to. -the
spirit of revelation and prophecy; and I was in this
land, and they would not receive me, but they cast.me
out, and I was about to set my back towards this land
forever. -But behold, I have been commanded. that I
should turn again and prophesy unto this people, yea,
and to testify against them concerning their iniquities.
And now Amulek,-because thou:hast fed me and took
me in, thou art blessed: for I was an hungered, for
had fasted many days: And: Alma tarried many days.
as Amulek, before he began to preach unto the peo-
ple.

And it.came to pass: thatthe people did. wax more
gross in. their iniquities, -And the. word came to Al-
ma, saying, go; and also say unto my servant Amu-
lek, go forth and prophesy unto-this people, :saying,
repent ye, for thus saith the Lord, except ye repent, I
will. visit this people in. mine anger;.. yea, and]. will
