said-again, shall he save his people in'their sins? And
Amulek answered and said unto’him, Tsay unto you
he shall not, for it is impossible for him to deny his
word,
Now Zeezrom said unto the people, see that ye re-
member these'things; for he said there is but one God;
yet he saith tbat the Son of God shall come, but he
shall not save his people, as though he had authority
to command God. Now Amulek saith again unto
him, behold thou hast lied, for thou sayest that 1 spake
as though I had authority to command God, because
J said he shall not save his people in their sins. And
I say unto you again, that he cannot save them in
their sins: for I cannot deny his word, and: he. hath
said that no unclean thing can inherit the kingdom of
heaven; therefore how. can ye'be saved, except ye in-
herit the kingdom of heaven? Therefore ye cannot
be saved in yoursins. Now Zeezrom saith again unto
him, is the Son of God the very eternal Father? And
Amulek said unto him, yea, he is the very eternal Fa-
ther of heaven and of earth, and all things which in
them is; be is the beginning and the end, the first and
the last; and he shall come into the world to redeem
his people; and he shall take upon him the transgres-
sions of those who believe on his name; and these are
they that shall have eternal lite, and salvation cometh
to none else: therefore the wicked remain as though
there had been no redemption made, except it be the
loosing of the bands of death; for behold, the day
cometh that all shall rise from the uead and stand be-
fore God, and be judged according to. their works..
Now there is a death which is called a temporal death:
and the death of Christ shall loose the bands of this
temporal death, that all shall be raised from this tem-
poral death; the spirit and the body shall be re-united
again, in its perfeet form; both limb and joint shall be
restored to its proper frame, even’ as we now. are at
this time; and we shall be brought to stand before
God,’ knowing -even as’ we know now, and havea
bright recollection of all our guilt. .. Now: this restora-
tion shall come to all, both old and young, both bond
and free, both male.and. female, both the wicked and
the righteous; and even there shall not so-much as:a
hair of their-heads be lost; but all things shall’ becres-
tored to its perfect frame, as it is now, orin the body,”
and shall. be brought:and be arraigned before the bar of
Christ the Son, and’ God the Father, and’ the holy
