BOOK OF ALMA. 273
of life at that time, there would have been no death,
and the word would have been void, making Goda
liar: for he said, if thou eat, thou shall surely die..
And we axe that death comes.upon mankind, yea, the
death which has been spoken of by Amulek, which is
the temporal death; nevertheless there was a space

nted unto man, in which he might repent; there-
fea this life became a probationary state; a time.to
repare to meet God; a time to prepare for that end-
ess state, which has been spoken of by us, which is
after the resurrection of the dead. Now if it..had not
been for the plan of redemption, which was Jaid from
the foundation of the world, there could have been no
resurrection of the dead; but there was.a plan of re-
demption laid, which shall bring to pass the resurrec-
tion of the dead, of which haa been spoken. And
now behold, if it were possible that our first parents
could have went forth and partaken of the tree-of life,
they would have been forever miserable, having no
preparatory state; and thus the plan of redemption
would. have been frustrated, and the word -of God
would have been void, taking none effect, But be-
hold, it was not so;. but it was appointed unto man
that they must die; and after death, they must come
to judgment; even that same judgment of which we
have spoken, which is the end. And after God had
appointed that these things should come unto-man,
behold, then he saw that it was expedient that man
should know concerning the things. whereof he had
appointed unto them; therefore he sent angels to con-
verse with them, who caused men to behold of. hie
glory. And they began. from that time forth to call
on-his name;. therefore God conversed with men; and
made known unto them.-the plan of redemption,’ which
had. been prepared from the foundation of the world;
and.this.he made known unto them according to their
faith and repentance, and their holy works; where-
fore he gave commandments unto men, they. having
first transgressed the first commandments as to things
which were temporal, and becoming as gods, know-
ing good from-evil, placing themselves in a state. to
act, or being placed ina state to act according to their
wills and. pleasures, whether to do evil or to do. good:
therefore God::gave.unto. them commandments, after.
having made known. unto-them the plan of redemption,
that they-should not do evil, the penalty thereof: be~

dng-a second. death, which was an everlasting death
