were many, exceeding great many, who were made
pure,-and entered into the rest of \he Lord their: God,
And now, my brethren; T would that ye should hum-
ble yourselves. beore God, and bring forth fruit meet
for repentance, that ye may also enter into that rest;
yea, humble. yourselves even as the people in the days
of Melchizedek, who was also a high priest after this
same order which I have spoken, who also took upon
him the high priesthood forever. And it was this
same Melchizedek to whom Abraham paid tithes: yea,
even our father Abraham paid tithes of one tenth part
of all he possessed, Now these ordinances were giv-
en after this manner, that thereby the people. might
look forward on the Son of God, it being a type of his
order, or it being his order; and this, that they might
look forward to him for a remission of their sins, that
they might enter into the rest of the Lord.

Now this Melchizedek was a king over the land of
Salem; and his people had waxed strong in iniquity
and abominations; yea, they had all gone astray: they
were full of all manner of wickedness: but Melchize-
dek having exerciyed mighty faith, and received the
office of the high priesthood, according to the holy or-
der of God, did preach repentance unto his people..
And behold, they did repent; and Melchizedek did es-
tablish peace in the land in his days; therefore he wae
called the prince of peace; for he was the king of Sa-
lem; and he did reign under his father. Now there
were many before him, and also there were many af-
terwards, but none were preater; therefore of him they
have more particularly made mention. Now I need
not rehearse the matter; what I have said, may sufice.
Behold, the scripturesare before you; if ye will wrest
them it shall be to your own destruction.

_ And now it caine to pass that when Alma had said
these -words unto them; he stretched forth: his hand
unto them and cried with a mighty. voice, saying, now
ia the time to repent, for the day ofisalvation draweth
nigh: yea, and the voice of the Lord, by the mouth of
angels, doth declare it:unto all nations: yea, doth de-
clare it, that they may have glad tidings of great joy:

ea, and he doth sound these glad tidings among all

is people, yea, even to them that are scattered abroad
upon the face of the earth; wherefore they have come
unto us. And’they are made known; unto.us in plain
terms, that:we may understand, that: we: cannot’err;
and this because of our being wanderers in-a strange
