eet may do this thing unto them, acedrding to
the hardness of their hearts, that the judgments which
hie shail exercise upon them in his wrath; may be just;
and the blood of the innocent shall stand as'a witness
against them, yea, and cry mightily’against them at
the last day. Now Amulek said untoAlma, behold,
perhaps they will burn us also. And Alma said, be it
according to the will of the Lord.  But beholdy otr
work ig not finished;” therefore they burnus not. ~

 Now it'ame to pass that when the bodies of those
who had-been cast into the fire, were’ consumed, and
also'the records which were cast in’ with them, the
chief judge of the land came and stood before Alma and
Amulek, as they were bound; and he smote them'with
his hand upon their cheeks, and said unto them, after
what ye have seen, will’ye preach again unto this’ peo-
ple, that: they shall’ be cast into a lake of fire and brim-
stone? Behold, ye see that ye had'not power to save
these who had been cast into the fire; neither has God
saved them, because they were of thy faith. And the
judge smote them again upon their cheeks, and asked,
what say ye foryourselves? . Now this judge was af-
ter the order and faith of Nehor, who slew’ Gideon.
And it came to pass that Alma and Amulek answered
him'nothing;’ and’ lve smote themagain, and delivered
themto the officers to be cast'into prison. And when
they had been castinto prison three days, there’came
many lawyers, and judges, and. priests, and teachers,
who were of the profession of Nehor; and they came
inunto the prison to see them, and they questioned
them about many words; but they answered them no-
thing. And it came to pass that the judge stood be-
forethem, and said, why do ye not answer the words
of this people?’ Know ye not that I have power to
deliver ye up unto the flames? And he commanded
them to speak; but they answered nothing.

And it came'to pass that they departed and went
\heir' ways, but came again on the morrow; and the
jadge also smote them again on their cheeks. And
many came forth also, and smote them,’ saying, will
7 stand again and judge this people, and condemn our
jaw? If ye have such great power, why do ye not:de-
liver yourselves?’ And many such things-did they say
anto them, gnashing their teeth upon them, and spit-
ting upon oni, and saying; how’shall we look when
we are damned? And many such things,’ yea, all
manner of such things did’they say unto them} and
