thereof had fallen to the earth, they were struck with

reat. fear, and fled from the presence of Alma and
Fnmink, even as a goat fleeth with her young from two
lions; and thus they did flee from the presence of Al-
ma and Amulek.

And it came to pass that Alma and Amulek were
commanded to depart out of that city; and they de-
parted, and came out even into the land of Sidom; and
behold, there they found all the people who had de-
parted out of the land of Aimmonihah, who had been
cast out and stoned, because they believed in the
words of Alma. And they related unto them all that
had happened unto their wives and children, and also
concerning themselves, and of their power of deliver-
ance.. And also Zeezrom lay sick at Sidom, witha
burning fever; which was caused by the great tribula-
tions of his.mind, on account of his wickedness, for he
supposed that Alma and Amuiek were no more; and
he supposed that they had been slain, by the cause of
his iniquity. And this great sin, and his many other
sins, did harrow up his mind until it did become ex-
ceeeding sore, having no deliverance; therefore he be-
gan to be scorched with a burning heat. Now when
he heard that Alma and Amulek were in the land of
Sidom, his heart began to take courage; and he sent
a message immediately unto them, desiring them to
come unto him.

And it came to pass that they went immediately,
obeying the message which he had sent unto them;
and they went in unto the house unto Zeezrom; and
they found him upon his bed. sick, being very low with
a burning fever; and his mind also was exceeding sore,
because of his iniquilies; and when he saw them, he
stretched forth his hand, and besought them that they
would heal him.

And it came to pass that Alma said unto him, taking
him by the hand, believest thou in the power of Christ
unto salyation? And he answered and said, yea, I be-
lieve all the words that thou hast taught. And Alma
said, if thou believest in the redemption of Christ, thou
canst behealed. And hesaid, yea, I believe according
to thy words. And then Alma cried unto-the Lord,
saying, O Lord our God, have mercy on this man,
and heal- him according to his. faith which is in Christ.
And when. Alma had said. these words, Zeezrom jeap-
ed upon his feet, and began to walk; and this was done
