being interpreted, powerful or great kir'y, considering
their kings to be powerful; and thus e said unto him,
Rabbanah, the king desireth thee ito: stay; therefore
Ammon turned himself unto the. king, and said unto
hime what wilt thou that I should do fer thee, O king?
And the king answered. him not for the space of. an
hour, according to their time, for he knew not, what
he should say unto him. Andit' came-to pass that
Ammon said unto him again, what desirest thou of
me? But the king answered him not.

And it came to-pass that Amnion, being filled with
the spirit of God, therefore-he perceived. the thoughts
of the ing. And he said unto him, is it because thoa
hast heard that I defended thy servants and thy flocks,
aad slew seven of their brethren with. the alice, and
with the sword,:and smote off the arms.of others, in
order to defend thy flocks and thy servants; behold, ie
it this that causeth thy marvelings?t .I say unto you,
what is it, that thy marvelings are so great? Beheld,
Lama man, and am thy servant; therefore, whatso-
ever thou desirest which is right, that will Ido. Now
when the king had heard these: words, he marveled
again, for he beheld that Ammon. could discern his
thoughts; but notwithstanding this, king Lamoni did
open his mouth: and said unto. him, who art thou?
Art thou that Great Spirit, who knows all things?
Ammon answered and said unto him, I am not. And
the king said, how knowest thou the thoughts of my
heart?  Thou mayest speak boldly, and tell me con-
cerning these things; and also tell me by what power
ye slew and smote off the arms of my. brethren, that
seattered my flocks. And now. if thou wilt tell me
concerning these things, whatsoever: thou desirest; I
will give unto.thee;. and if it were needed, I would
guard thee with: my armies; but, I know that thou art
more powerful than all they: nevertheless, whatsoever
thou desirest.of me, I. will grant it unto thee. Now
Ammon being. wise, yet harmless, he said unto Lamo-
ni, wilt thou hearken unto my words, if I tell thee by
what power I do-these things? and this is the thing
that I-desire of thee...And the king answered him,
and-said; yea, I will believe all. thy words; and thus
he.was caught with. guilee oAnd Ammon’ began to
speak. unto him with boldness; and said unto him, be-
lievest- thou, that.there..is:a God?-And he answered,
and.saidvunto-him, Ido not.snow what that. meaneth.
And. then: Ammon: aid, believest, thou that there is-a
