I -will-grant unto you that my son may retain his king-
dom from this.time and forever; and {will govern him
no more. And] will also. grant unto thee that thy
brethren may be cast out of prison, and thou and thy
brethren may come unto me, in my kingdom; for-T
shall greatly desire to see thee: for the king was great-
ly astonished at the words: which he had spoken, and
also at the words which had been spoken by his son
Lamoni: therefore he was desirous to learn them.

And.it-.came to pass that Ammon and Lamoni pro-
ceeded on their journey towards the land of Middoni.
And Lamoni found favor in the eyes of the king of the
land; therefore the brethren-of Ammon were brought
forth out of prison. And when Ammon did Meet them,
he was exceeding sorrowful, for behold, they were na-
ked, and their skins were worn.exceedingly, because of
being bound with strong cords. And they also had
suffered hunger, thirst, and-all kind of afflictions; nev-
ertheless they were patient in all. their, sufferings..
And as it happened, it was their lot to: have fallen into
the hands of a more hardened and a-more stiffnecked
people; therefore they would not hearken unto their
words, and they had cast them out, and had smitten
them, and had driven them from house.to house, and
from place to place, even until they bad arriven to the
land of Middoni; and there they were taken and cast
into prison, and. bound with strong cords, and kept,in
prison for many days; and were delivered by Lamoni
and Ammon.

.

CHAPTER XIII.

An account of the preaching of Aaron and Muloki, and
their brethren, to the Lamanites.

Now when Ammon and his brethren separated them-
selvesin the borders of the land of the Lamanites, be-
hold, Aaron took his journey towards the land which
was called by the Lamanites, Jerusalem; calling it af:
ter the lund of their fathers’ nativity: andit was away
joining the borders of Mormon. ~Now the Lamanites;
and the Amulekites, and the peuple of Amulonj had
built-agreat-city,; which was'called Jerusalem.” Now
