the Lamanites, of themselves, were sufficiently hard-
ened, but the Amalekites, and the Amulonites, were
still harder; therefore they did cause the Lamanites
that they should harden their hearts, that they should
wax strong in wickedness, and their abominations.

And it-came to pass that Aaron came to the city of
Jerusalem, and firstly began to preach to the Amalek-
ites. And he began to preach to them in their syna-
gogues, for they had built synagogues, after the order
of the Nehors; for many of the Amalekites and the
Amulonites were after the order of the Nehors. There-
fore, as Aaron entered into one of their synagogues to
preach unto the people, and as he was speaking unto
them, behold there arose an Amalekite, and began to
contend with him, saying, what is that thou hast tes-
tified? Hast thou seen an angel? Why do not an-
gels appear unto us? Behold, are not this people as
good as thy people? Thou also sayest, except we re-
pent, we shall perish. How knowest thou the thought
and intent of our heart?) How knowest thou that we
have cause to repent? How knowest thou that we are
not a righteous’people? Behold, we have built sanc-
tuaries, and we do assemble ourselves together to wor-
ship God. Wedo believe that God will save all men.

Now Aaron said unto him, believest thou that the
Son of God shall come to redeem mankind from their
sins?) And the man said unto him, we do not believe
that thou knowest any such thing. We do not believe
in thes2 foolish traditions, We do not. believe that
thou knowest of things to come, neither do we believe
that thy fathers, and also that our fathers did know
concerning the things which they spake, of that which
is to come.

Now Aaron began to open the scriptures unto them,
concerning the coming of Christ, and also concerning
the resurrection of the dead, and that there could be
no redemption for mankind, save it were through the
death and sufferings of Christ, and: the atonement. of
his blond. And it came to pass as he began to expound
these things unto them, they were angry with him,
aud began to mock him; and they would not hear the
words which he spake; therefore, when he saw that
they would not hear his-words, he departed out of their
synagogue, and ame over to a village which was call-
ed: Ani-anti, and there he found Muloki preaching the
word unto them; andalso Ammah, and-his brethren.
And they contended with many about the word. And
