heed unto his word, and they were zealous for keep-
ing the commandments of God. Now as Ammon was
thus teaching the people of Lamoni continually, we
will return to the account of Aaron and his brethren;
for after he departed from the land of Middoni, he was
led by the spirit to the land of Nephi; even to the
house of the king which was over all the land, save it
were the land of Ishmael; and he was the father of
Lamoni.

And it came to pass that he went in unto him into
the king’s palace, with his brethren, and bowed him-
self before the king, and said unto him, behold, O king,
we are the brethren of Ammon, whom thou hast de-
livered out of prison. And now, O king, if thou wilt
spare our lives, we will be thy servants. And the
king said unto them, arise, for I will grant unto you
your lives, and I will not suffer that ye shall be my
servants; but [ will insist that ye shall administer un-
to me; for I have been somewhat troubled in mind,
because of the gencrosity, and the greatness of the
words of thy brother Ammon; and 1 desire to know
the cause why he has.not come up out of Middoni,
with thee. And Aaron said unto the king, behold, the
spirit of the Lord has called him another way: he has
gone to the land of Ishmael, to teach the people of La-
moni. Now the king said unto them, what is this
that ye have said concerning the spirit of the Lord?.
Behold, this is the thing which doth trouble me..
And also, what is this that Ammon said.if ye will
repent ye shall be saved, and if ye will not repent, ye
shall be cast off at the last day? And Aaron answer-
ed him and said unto him, believest thou that there is
a God? And the king said, I know that the Amalek-
ites say that there is a God, and I have granted unto
them that they should build sanctuaries, that they may
assemble themselves together, to worship:him. And
if now thou sayest there isa God, behold, 1 will be-
lieve.

And now when Aaron heard this, his. heart began
to rejoice, and he said, behold, assuredly, as thou liv-
est, O king, there isa God. And the king said, is
Godthat great Spirit that brought our fathers. out of
the land of Jerusalem? - And Aaron said unto. him,
yea, he is that great. Spirit, and he created all things,
both in heaven:andin earth:. believest thou this? And
he said yea, I believe.that the great. Spirit created all
