things, and [ desire that ye should tell me concerning
all taese things, and I will believe: thy words.

And iteeame to pass that when Aaron.saw that the
king would believe his words, he began from the crea-
tion of Adam, reading the scriptures unto the -king;
how God created man after his own i:nage, and that Goe
gave him commandments, and that because of trans-
gression, man had fallen. And Aaron did expound
unto him the scriptures, from the creation of Adam,
laying the fallof man before him, and their carnal
state, and also the plan of redemption, which.was pre-
pared from the foundation ofthe world, through Christ;
for all whosoever would believe on his name. . And
since man had fallen, he could not merit any thing of
himself but the sufferings and death of Christ atoneth
for their sins, through faith and repentance, &c.: and
that he breaketh the bands of death, that the grave
shall have no victory, and that the sting of death should
be swallowed up in the hopes of glory: and Aaron did
expound all these things unto the king. And it came
to pass that after Aaron had expounded these things
unto him, the king said, what shall  do, that 1 may
have this eternal life of which thou hast spoken?.
Yea,;ewhat shall I do, that I may be born of God, hay-
ing this wicked spirit rooted out of my breast, and re-
ceive his spirit, that  may be filled with joy, that I
may not be cast off at the last day?, Behold, said he,
I will give up all that I possess;. yea, I will forsake
my kingdom, that I may receive this great joy. But
Aaron said unto him, if thou desirest this thing, if thou
wilt bow down before God, yea, if thou wilt repent of
all thy sins, and will bow down before God, and call
on his name in faith, believing that ye shall. receive,
then shalt thou receive the hope which thou desirest.

And it came to pass that when Aaron had said these
words, the king did bow down before the Lord, upon
his knees; yea, even he did prostrate himself upon the
earth, and cried mightily, saying, O God, Aaron hath
told me that-there isa God; and if there isa God,
and if thou art God, wilt thou make thyself known un-
to me, and I will give away all my sins to know thee,
and that I may be raised from the dead, and be saved
atthe last day. And now when the king had said
these words, he was struck as if he were dead.

And it. came to pass that his servants ran and told
the queen. ull that had happened unto the king.. And
she came in unto the king; and when she saw him lay
