Nephi, and: the wilderness round.about. Now this
yas wisdomin:'the Nephites; as the amanites were
an enemy-to them, .they would not-suffer their afflic-
tions on every hand,,and also that they might have a
country whither they might flee, according: to their
desires. And now {, after having said this, return
again to the account of Ammon, and Aaron,.Omner
and Himni, and their brethren. © . ,

.

- CHAPTER XIV.

Braowun, now it came to pass that the king of the
Lamanites sent a proclamation among all his people,
that they should notJay their hands on Ammon, or
Aaron, or Omner, or Himni, nor neither of their breth-
ren who should go forth preaching the word of God,
in whatsoever place they should be, in any part of
their land; yea, he senta decree among them, that
they should not lay their hands on them to bind them,
or to cast them into. prison; neither should they’spit
upon them, nor'smite them, nor cast them out of their
synagogues, nor scourge them; neither. should they
east stones at them, but that they should have free ac-
cess to their houses,'and also their temples, and their
sanctuaries; and thus they might.go forth and. preach
the word according to their desires, for the king had
been converted: unto the Lord, and all his household:
therefore he sent this proclamation throughout. the
land unto his people, that the word of God might haye
no obstruction, but that.it might go forth throughout
all the land, that his people might be.convinced con-
cerning the wicked traditions of their fathers, and that
they might be'convinced that they were all brethren,
and that they ought-not to murder, nor-to plunder,
nor to. steal, nor to commit adultery, nor to. commit
any manner of wickedness: And now it eame to pass
that when the king had sent forth:this proclamation,
that Aaron and his brethren went forth from: city.to
city, and from one house of worship to another, estab-
lishing churches, and consecrating: priests, and teach-
ers throughout theland among the Lamanites, to
preach and to’ teach the-word of God among them;
and thus they began to have great success. And thou-
