many sins: and.murders which we -have committed,
end took away the guilt from our hearts, through the
merits of his Son... And now: behold,:my: brethren,
since it has been all that we could do, (as.we were.the
most lost of all mankind,) to repent of all our sins and:
the many murders which :we have, committed, and to
get God to take them away from our hearts, for it
was all we could do to repent sufficiently before Gody
that he would take away our stain. Now my best be-
loyed brethren, since God hath taken away our stains;
and our swords have become: bright, then let us stain
our swords no more with the. blood. of our brethren:
Behold, I say unto you, nay, let us retain our swords,
that they be not stained with the blood of our breth-
ren: for perhaps; if we should stain our swords egain,;
they.can no more be washed. bright through the blood
of the Son of our great God, which shall be shed for
the atonement of our sins... And the great God hag:
had mercy on us, and made these things known unte
us, that we might not perish; yea, and he has made
these things. known unto us beforehand, beeause he
loveth our souls as well as he loveth our children;
therefore in his mercy he doth visit us by his angels,
that the plan of salvation might be made known unto
us as well as unto future generations. O. how merci-
fulis our-God! And now behold, since it: has been
as much as we could do: to get our stains taken away
from us, andour- swords are made bright, let us -hide
them away that they may be kept bright, as a testimo-
ny to our God at the last day, or at theday that:we
shall-be brought to stand before him to be judged, that
we have not stained our swords in the blood of our
brethren since he imparted his word-unto us, and has”
made us clean thereby. . And now my brethren;if our.
brethren seek to destroy us, bebold, we will: hide
away our swords, yea, even we will bury them-deep
in the earth, that they maybe kept bright, as a;testi- 
mony that we have never used them, at the last day;
and if our brethren destroy us, behold, we shall: go to
our God and:shall be savede- 8) 68 sei oe
And new it came:to pass that when the: king. had
made an end of these sayings, and all the people were
assembled together, they took their: swords; and. all
the weapons: which’ were) used for the shedding of
man’s blood, and they did bury them up deep: in the
earth; and this:they did, it being: in-their view a testi-
mony to God,:and also’to men, that:they never would
