man slain. among them; butitherewere’ more. than>a
thousand brought to.the knowledge of the truth; thas
we see that the: Lord worketh in.many ways. to. the
salvation of his people. Now, the greatest number of
those of the Lamanites who:slew so many of. their
brethren, were Amalexites and Amulonites, the great-
est number.of whom were after the order of the .Ne-
hors. Now among those who joined the people of the
Lord, there were-none who were Amalekites or Amu-
lonites, or who-were of the order of Nehor, but they
were actual descendants of Laman and Lemuel; and
thus we can plainly discern, that afler a people have
been once enlightened by the spirit of God, and. have
had. great knowledge of things pertaining to: right-
eousness, and then have fallen away into-sin’ and
transgression, they become more. hardened, and. thus
their state becomes worse than though they had never
known these things. ; we
. And behold, now. it came to pass that those Laman-
ites. were more angry; because they had slain their
brethren; therefore they swore vengeance upon the
Nephites; and they did no more attempt to slay the
people: of Anti-Nephi-Lehi. at. that time; but they
took their-armies and-.went over. into. the. borders..of
the land of Zarahemla,.and fell upon the. peaple.who
were in the Jand of Ammonibah, and destroyed: them.
And after that, they had. many battles. with the. Ne-
phites, in-the which they were driven and slain; and
among the Jamanites who, were slain,. were, almost
all the seed of Amulon. and his brethren,’ who were
the priests.of Noah, and they were slain-by-the hands .
ofthe Nephites; and the remainder. having fed into .
_ the-east. wilderness, and. having usurped the power
and: authority over the Lamanites, caused that many
of the, Lamanites. should. perish by .ire, because: of
their belief: for many of them, after. having suffeted
much: loss and so many afflictions, began to be stirted
up insremembrance of the words which. Aaron and:his
brethren had preached to them in their land; . therefore
they began to disbelieve the traditions of their. fath-
ers, and to believe in the Lord, and that he gave great
power unto the Nephites; and. thus there were many.
oftthem: converted in the wilderness... 96 a bu
And: it:caine to. pass.that those rulers who were:the .
remnant of the children:of Amulon; caused: that they
should be. put to death,: yea; all those that: belieyedin 
these things. Now: this martyrdom caused. that:many
