ef their brethren should be stirred up to anger; and
there began to be contention in the wilderness; and the
Lamanites began to hunt the seed-of Amulon and his
brethren, and began to slay them, and they fled into the
east wildeness. And behold they are hunted at this day,
by the Lamanites: thus the words of Abinadi were
brought to pass, which he said concerning the seed of the
priesta who.caused that he should saffer death by fire.
For he said unto,them, what ye shall do unto me,
shall be a type of things to come. And now Abinadi
was the first that suffered death by fire, because of his
belief'in God: now this is what he meant, that many
should suffer death by fire, according as he had suffer-
ed. And he-said unto the priests of Noah, that their
seed should cause many to be put to death, in the like
manner-as he was, and that they should be scattered
abroad and slain, even as a sheep having no shepherd
ig driven and slain by wild beasts; and now behold,
these words. were verified, for they were driven by
the Lamanites, and they were hunted, and they were
emitten.
And it-came to pass that when the Lamanites saw
_that they could not overpower the Nephites, they re-
turned again to their own land; and many of them
came over to dwell in the land of Ishmael and the land
-of Nephi, and did join themselves to the people of God,
who were the people of Anti-Nephi-Lehi; and they
did also bury their weapons of war, according as their
brethren had, and they began to be a righteous people;
and they did walkin the ways of the Lord, and did ob-
serve to keep his commandments, and his statutes,
yea, and they did keep the law of Moses: for it was
expedient that they should keep the law of Moses as
yet, for'it was not all- fulfilled. .But notwithstanding
the law of Moses, they. did look forward to the coming
of Christ, considering that the law of Moses was a type
of his coming, and believing that they must keep those
outward performances, until the time that he should
be revealed unto them. Now they did not suppost
tbat salvation came by the law of Moses; but the law
of Moses did serve to strengthen their faith in Christ;
and thus they did retain a hope through: faith, unto
eternal salvation, relying upon the spirit of prophecy,
which spake of those hinge to.come. And now be-
hold, Ammon, .andAaron, and:'Omner, and Himni,
and their brethren, did rejoice exceedingly, for the: suc-
eese which they-had had among the Lamanites; seeimg
