that the Lord-had granted unto them according to their
prayers, and that he had also verified his: word unto
them in every particular. And now; these are: the
words of Ammon to his brethren, which say thus:
My brothers and my brethren; behold I say unto you,
how great reason have we to: rejoice; for could we
have supposed, when we started from the land of Za-
rahemla, that God would have granted unto us such
reat blessings? And now  ask, what great blessings
as he bestowed upon us? Can ye tell? Behold, I
answer for you, for our brethren, the Lamanites, were
in.darkness, yea, even in the darkest abyss; but be-
hold, how many of them are brought to behold the
marvelous. light of God! Andthis’is the blessing
which hath been bestowed upon us, that we have been
made instruments in the hands of God, to bring about
this: great work. Behold, thousands of them do:rejoice,
and have been brought into the fold of God.  Behold,
the field was ripe, and blessed are ye, for ye did thrust
in the sickle, and did reap with your mights, yea, all
the day long did ye labor; and behold the number of
your sheaves, and they shall be gathered into the gar-
ners, that they are not wasted; yea, they shall not be
beaten down by thestorm, at the last'day; yea, neith-
er-shall they be harrowed up by the whirlwinds; but
when the storm cometh, they shall be gathered to-
gether in their place, that the storm cannot penetrate
to them; yea, neither shall they be driven with fierce
winds, whithersoever the enemy listeth to carry them.
But behold, they are in the handsof the Lord of the
harvest, and they are his; and he will raise them up
at the last day. Blessed be the name of our God; let
us sing to-his praise, yea let us give thanks to his holy
name, for he doth work righteousness forever. . For if
we had not come up out of the land of Zarahemla, these
our dearly beloved brethren, who have so dearly be-
loved us, would still have been racked with hatred
against us, yea, and they would also have been strang-
ers to God. : ;
And it came to pass that when Ammon had said
these words, his brother Aaron rebuked him, saying:
Ammon, I fear-that thy joy doth carry thee away unto
boasting. -But Ammon said unto him, Ido not boast
in my own strength, or in my own wisdom; but behold,
my joy is full; yea, my heart is brim with joy, and {
will rejoice in ray God; yea, [know that lam nothing:
