jand of Nephi from the land of Zarahemla,,and.came
over-near-the borders. of :theland. 0.0 hea

And it-came to pass.that Ammon said unto them,
behold; I and my. brethren:.will: go forth into the land
of Zarahemla,-and ye shall remain: here until. we return;
and we will. try the .hearts.of.our brethren, whether
they will that,ye shall come into theirland.

_And it came to pass that as Ammon was-going forth
into the land, that-he and his.brethren met Alma, over
in the place of, which..has been spoken; and.behold,
this was a joyful meeting, Now-the joy of Ammon
was so great, even that he was. full; yea, he. was
swallowed.up in: the joy of his.God, even to the ex-
hausting of his. strength; and he feilagain to the earth,
Now.was not thisexceeding joy? Behold, this.is joy
which none receiveth save it be the truly penitent and
humble:seeker.of happiness. Now the joy of Alma in
meeting his brethren was truly great, and also the joy
of. Aaron, of Omner, and Himni; but. behold,. their
joy. was not. that to exceed their strength.

And now it came to pass that Alma conducted his
brethren back to the land.of Zarahemla;. even to his
own house. And they went and told the chief judge
all the things that had happened unto them in the land
of Nephi among their brethren, the Lamanites.

And it came to pass that the chief judge sent a proc-
lamation throughout all.the land, desiring the voice of
the people concerning the admitting their brethren,
who were the people of Anti-Nephi-Lehi.. And it came
to pass that the voice of. the people came, saying, be-
hold, we will give up the land of Jershon, which is
on the east by the sea, which joins the land Bountifal,
which. is on the south of the tand Bountiful; and. this
land Jershon is the, land. which we will give unto.our
brethren for an inheritance. And. behold, we.will set
our armies between the land Jershon and the land. Ne-
phi, that we may protect,our brethren in the land Jer-
shon; and this we do. for our brethren, on account of
their: fear to take.up. arms against.their brethren, lest
they should commit sin: and this their great fear came,
because of their..sorerepentance. wliich they. had, on
account of \their.many/murders, and.their awful wick-
edness. -And now. .behold, this,will .we.do-unto our
brethren, that they: may inherit the land.Jershon; and
, wewill guard.them from their enemsies with our armies;
on conditions'they will-give us.a: portion.of their sub.
stance to assist: us, that we may maintain our armies.
