to.preach the word. unto’.this people, and hath given
me much 'suceess, in the. which my joy:is full; but I
do not joy inmy own.suceess alone, but my joy is more
full because of the success of my brethren, who have
been up-to the land of Nephi. Behold, they have la-
bored exceedingly, and. have brought forth much fruit;
and how great shall be their reward. Now when [
think of, the success of these. my brethren, my soul is
carried away, even, to the separation of it from. the
body, as it were, so great is. my joy.

Aad now, may God grant unto these my brethren,
that they may sit down inthe kingdom of God; yea,
and also all those. who are the fruit of their labors that
they may go no more out, but that they..may praise
him forever. And may God grant that it may be done
according to my words, evenas  have spoken, Amen,

.

CHAPTER, XVi.

Bxxotn, now it came. to-pass that after the people
of Ammon were established in, the land of Jershon,
yea, and also after the Lamanites were driven out of
the.land, and their dead were buried by the people of
the land. .. Now, their dead were not numbered, because
of the greatness of their. numbers; neither were the
dead of the Nephites numbered. But it came to pass
after they had buried their dead,.and. also after. the days
of fasting, and mourning, and prayer, (and it was in
the sixteenth year of the reign of the judges over the
people of Nephi,) there began to.be continual peace
throughout ail the land, yea, and the people did ob-
serve to keep the commandments of the Lord; and
they were strict in observing the. ordinances of God,
according to-the law, of Moses; for they were taught.
to, keep the law of.Moses, until it.should be fulfilled;
and thus.the people did have no disturbance in.all the,
sixteenth year.of the -reign of the judges over the
people of Nephi. vik 7 :

And it came.to pass in the.seventeenth. year.of the.
reign of the. judges, there was.continual: peace, But
it came to, pass. inthe latter, end. of the seventeenth
year, there came.a man, into.the: land of Zarahemlaj.,
and he. was. Anti-Christ, fon-he ibegan:to, preach unto.
