the people against’ the prophedies which had been:
spoken by the prophets, concetning’ the coming-of
Christ. . Now there was no law against a man’s
belief: for it was’ strictly contrary to the commands
of God, that there should bea law’ which should:
bring’men on to unequalgrounds:- For thus saith the:
scripture; Choose ye thisday, whom ye will serve,
Now if a man desired to serve God; it was his privi-
lege; or rather if hebelieved'in God, it was: his: privi-'
lege to serve him; but if he did not. believe in him;
there was no law to’ punish him.  But if he murdered,
he was punished unto death; and if he robbed, he wag
algo punished; arid if he stole, he was also punished;
and'if he committed adultery, he was also punished:
yea, forall this wickedness, they were’ punished: for
there was a law; that men should be judged according
to their verimes:  Nevertheless; there: was no law
against a man’s belief; therefore, a manwas punished
only for the crimes which he bad done; therefore all
men were on” eqaal grounds. And: this . Anti-Christ,
whose name was Korihor, (and the law could have no
hold upon him,) began to preach unto the people, that
there should be no- Christ: And after this manner
did he'preach, saying: O ye that’ are bound down
under a foolish and’a vain hope, why do ye yoke
yourselves with'such foolish things? Why do ye look
fora Christ?’ For no’ mancan know of. any thin

which is to’come. Behold, these things which ye call
prophecies, which ye say are handed down by holy
prophets, behold, they are foolish. traditions’ of your
fathers. How do ie know’of their-surety?~ Behold,
ye-cannot know of things'which ye do not see; there-
fore ye cannot know that there shall be a Christ.’ Ye
look forward and-say, that ye see-a remission of your
sins. But behold, it-is the effect of a phrensied mind;
and this derangement of your minds'comes because of
the tradition of your fathers, which lead youwaway in=
to'a belief of things’ which are notso. And many
more such things did: he say unto them, telling them 
that there could be no atonement made’ for the sins of
men, but every man fared in this life; according to the
mariagement of -the creature; therefore” every: man
prospered according to his genius, and that/every man
conquered ateording to” his strength; and whatsoever
aman did, wasno trimes” And thus he’ did preach
unto them, leading away the hearts of many; causing
them to liftup their heads in’their wickedness}: yea,
