leading away many women, and also.men, to.commit
whoredoms; telling them, that when:a man was. dead,
that was the end. thereof, '

Now. this man went over to. the land of Jershon al-
80, to preach these things among the people of Am-
mon, who were ,once the people of the Lamanites,
But behold, they were more wise than. many of the
Nephites; for they took him, and bound him, and
carried him before Ammon, who was a high priest
over that people.

And it came to pass that he caused that. he should
be carried out of the land. And he came over into
the land of Gideon, and began to preach. unto them
also; and here he did not have much success, for he
was taken and bound, and carried before the high
priest, and also the chief judge over the land.

And it came to pass that the high priest. said unto
him, why do ye go about perverting the ways of the
Lord? Why do ye teach this people that there shall
be no Christ, to interrupt their rejoicings?. Why do
ye speak against all the prophecies of the holy. proph-
ets?) Now the high priest's name was Giddonah..
And-Korihor said unto him, because I..do.not. teach
the foolish traditions of your fathers, and because I do
not teach this people to bind themselves down under
the foolish ordinances and performances. which are
laid down by ancient priests, to usurp power and au-
thority over them, to keep them in ignorance, that
they may not lift up their heads, but be brought down
according to thy words. Ye say that this people isa
free people. Behold, I say they are in bondage. Ye
say that those ancient prophecies are true. Behold, I
say that ye do not know that they are true. Ye say
that this people isa guilty and a fallen people, be-
cause of the transgression of a parent. Behold, I say
that.a child is nat guilty because of its parents. And
ye also say that Christ shall come. But behold, I say
that ye do not know that there shall be a Clirist. And
ye say also, that he shall be slain for the sins of the
world; and thus ye lead away this people. after the
foolish traditions of yo fathers, and according to
your own desires; and ye keep them down, even as it
were, in bondage, that ye may glut yourselves with
the labors of their hands, that: they: durst not look
up with. boldness,: and that, they -durst not enjoy
their rights :and’ privileges; yen, they durat not make
use'of that which is their own, lest they should offend
