their priests; who do yoke them according to their de-
sires, and’ have brought them to believe by their tra-
ditions, and their dreams, and their whims, and: their’
visions, and their pretended mysteries, that they
should, if they did not'do according’ to: their words,
offend some unknown being, who they say is God; a
being who never has been seen nor known, who ney~
er was nor ever will be. Now when the high priest
and the chief judge saw the hardness of his heart; yea,
when they saw that he would revile even against God,,
they would not make any reply to his words; but
they caused that he should be bound; and they deliv-
ered him up into the hands -of the officers, and, sent
him to the land of Zarahemla, that he might: be
brought before Alma, and the chief judge, who was
governor over all the land. 3

And it came to pass that when he was brought be-
fore Alma and the chief judge, he did go on in the
same manner as he did in the land of Gideon; yea, he
went on to blaspheme. And he did rise up im. great
swelling words before Alma, and did revile against the
priests and teachers, accusing them of leading away
the people after the silly traditions of their fathers,
for the sake of glutting in the labors of the people..
Now Alma said’ unto Sim, thou -knowest that we do
not:glut ourselves'upon the labors of this people; for
behold; Ihave labored even from the commencement
ofthe reign:of the judges, until now, with mine own
hands, for my support, notwithstanding my many
travels. round about the land, to’ declare. the word of
God unto my people. And notwithstanding the ma-
ny labors which I have performed: in the church, I
have never received so much as. even. one senine for
my labor; neither has any of my brethren, save’ it
were in the judgment seat; and then we have receiv-
ed only according to law, for our time.. And now if
we do not receive any thing for our labors in the
church, what doth it. profit us to labor in:the church,
save it were to declare the truth, that we may have
rejoicings:in the joy of our brethren? © Then’ why say-
est: thou that we preach unto this people to get gain,
when thon of thyself knowest that we receive no
gain?’ And now, believest thou that we deceive this

ople; that causes: such joy in: their hearts? And

orihor answered him, yea. And then Almasaid un-
to:him, believest thou that there'isia God?- And he
answered, nay.” Now Alma saidunto him, will :ye
