Now Alma said unto him; this will I_ give unto thee .
ferasign, thatthou shalt be struck dumb, according
tomy words; and I-say, that in the name of God, ye.
shall be struck dumb, that ye shallsme more, have ut-
terance. Now when Alma had said these: words, :-Ko-:
rihor was struck-dumb, that heeould not haveaitter+
ance, according to the -words of Alma. And now
when the chief judge saw this; he putforth his hand
and wrote unto Korihor, saying: art: thou convinced
of the power ofa God? In whom did. ye desire that.
Alma should shew forth his sign?) Would ye that he
should afflict others, to shew. unto, thee a sign? : Be-
hold, he hag showed unto you'a sign; and: now will
ye dispute more? . And Koribor :put forth his hand,
and wrote, saying: I know that J amedumb, for I-can-
not-speak;-and :know.that nothing, save it-were the
power of God, could: bring this-upon me; -yea, and. I
also knew that there was a God.  But behold the dev-
ilchath deceived me; forhe appeared-unto me in the
form of an angel, and:said-anto me, go and reclaim
this people, for they have all: gone astray after-an.un-
known God. And. he said unto me, there isno God;
yea, and he taught me-that which I should say. And
Phave taught his words; and Itaught them, because
they were pleasing unto'the carnal mind; and Iitaught
them, even-until I-had much suctess, insomuch that I
verily believed that they were: true;) and: for this
cause, I withstood:the truth, even until I-have hrought
this great curse upon-mes Now. whenhehad. said
this, he besought. that. Alma should: pray unto God,:
that the curse:might be taken from: him. But Alma
said unto him, if this curse should be taken from thee,
thou wouldest again lead away the hearts of this people;
therefore, it shall -be:unto thee, even:as:the Lord willy
And it'came:to:pass that the curse was’ not taken
off of Kurihor; but:he was cast out, and: went about
from house to-house, begging for his food. . Now the
knowledge of what had. happened unto Korihor,.was
immediately published throughout -all the -land;. yea,
the-proclamation was-sent forth by the chief judge; to
all the people:in the'land, declaring’. unto those, who
hrad:believed:in the:words of Korihor, that they must
speedily repent, lest the same: judgments would:come
Untouthemay wane deat ee laieyGi ld agai s adh ate
And it came to-pass:that:-they were: all:convinced
of the:wickedness of. Korihor; Shorefore: they were alk
converted again unto’ the.Lord; and this put an end
