to.the iniquity after the manner of. Korihor.... And
Korihor did go about from house to house, begging
food for his support.

And it came to pass that as he went forth among
the people, yea, among a people who had separated
themselves from the Nephites, and called. themselves
Zoramites, being led by a.man whose name was Zo-
ram; and as he went forth amongst them, behold, he
was run upon, and trodden down, even until he was
dead; and thus we see the end of him who perverteth
the ways of the Lord; and thus we see that the devil
will not support his children at the last day, but doth
speedily drag them down to hell.

Now it came to pass that after the end of Korihor,
Alma having received tidings that the Zoramites were
perverting the ways of the Lord, and that Zoram,
who was their leader, was leading the hearts of the
people to bow down to dumb idols, &c., his heart
again began to sicken, because of the iniquity of the
people; for it was the cause of great sorrow to Alina,
to know of iniquity among his people; therefore his
heart was exceeding sorrowful, because of the separa-
tion of the Zoramites. from the Nephites. Now the
Zoramites had gathered themselves together in a land
which they called Antionum, which was east. of the
land of Zarahemla, which lay nearly bordering upon
the seashore, which was south of the land of Jershon,
which also bordered upon the wilderness south, which
wilderness was full of the Lamanites.. Now the Ne-
phites greatly feared that the Zoramites would enter
into a correspondence with the Lamanites, and that it
would be the means of great loss on the part of the
Nephites. And now, as the preaching of the word
hada great tendency to lead the people to do that
which was just; yea, it had had more poweriul. effect
upon the minds of the people than the sword, or any
thing else, which had happened unto them: therefore
Alma thought it was expedient that they should try
the virtue of the word of God. .Therefore he took Am-
mon,.and Aaron, and Omner; .and Himni.hedid-leave
in the church in Zarahemla; but the former. three he
took with him, and. also. Amulek and Zeezrom;-who
were at Melek; and he also. took two of his sons:i.
Now the eldest of his sons he took not with him; and
his name. was: Helaman;’ but the names.of those whom
he took: with shim, were. Shiblon: and::Corianton;:and
these are the names. of: those who: went with him
