afflictions. which shall come upon me, because of the
iniquity:of this people?:;,O Lord, wilt thou comfort
my soul, and give-unto me:success; and also my fel-
low-laborers who are with, me; yea, Ammon, and
Aaron, andOmner; and .also Amulek, and. Zeezrom,
and also my two sons; yea, even all these wilt thou
comfort, O Lord? Yea, wilt thou comfort their souls
in Christ? . Wilt.thou grant-unto them that they may
have strength, that they may bear their afflictions
which shall come upon them, because of the iniquities
of this people? ..O Lord, wilt thou grant unto us that
we may. have-success.in bringing them again unto
thee, in Christ? .Behold, O Lord, their souls are pre-
cious, and many of them are our brethren, therefore,
give unto us, OQ: Lord, power and wisdom, that..we
may bring these, our brethren, again unto thee. i
Now.it came'to pass, that when Alma had said these
words, that he. clapped his. hands upon all them who
were with him. ~And:behold; as he clapped his hands
upon them, they. were filled with the holy Spirit..
And after that, they. did: separate themselves. one from
another; taking 9 thought for . themselves what they
should. eat, or what they should drink, or what they
should put on... And .the Lord: provided for them that
they should hunger not, neither should they thirst;
yea, and he also gave them strength, that they. should
suffer no manner of afilictions, save it-were swallowed
up in the joy of Christ. Now this was according to
ro prayer of Alma; and this because he prayed in
aith. : ;
And itcame. to pass that they.did go forth, and be-
gan to.preach the word of God unto the people, enter-
ing into their synagogues, and into their houses; yea,
and.eyen.they did preach the word in their streets..
And it came to:pass that after much laboramong them,
they. began to haye:success among.the poor. class, of
people; for, behold, they were cast. out of. the. syna-
gogues;. because of .the. coarseness of their:-apparel;
therefore. they were: not permitted to enter into their
synagogues.to worship. God, being esteemed.as filthi-
ness; therefore. they were poor; yea, they. were:es-
teemed:by: their brethren as dross; therefore-they were
poor.as:to things of the world; and also; they. were poor
Aneheartyoe. oo. beat ; 1 doit
- Now as Alma -was..teaching and. speaking unto, the
people upon: the hill Onidah,, there came ajgreat:mul-
iiude, unto: him, who were those.of whom we have
