been speaking, of whom were poor in. heart, because
of their poverty’.as to the. things of. the’world: ~And
they came unto Alma; and the.one who was the most
foremost. among them, said’ unto him, behold, what
shall these my brethren do, for they are despised. of
all men, beeause of their poverty; -yea,.and more es-
pecially by our priests; for they have cast us out of
our synagogues, which we have labored abundantly to
build, with our own hands; and they have-cast us out
because of our exceeding’ poverty, and- we have no
place to worship our God; and behold, what shall we
do? And now when Alma heard this, he turned him
about, his face immediately towards him, and he be-
held, with. greatjoy; for he beheld that their afflie-
tions had truly humbled them, and. that they were in
a preparation to hear the word; theretore he did sa
no more to-the other multitude, but he:stretched forth
his hand, and:cried unto those whom he beheld, who
were truly penitent, and said untothem, I behold that
e are lowly in heart; anduf so, blessed are ye. Be-
hold, thy brother hath said, what shall we do? for we
are cast out of jour synagogues, that we cannot wor-
ship our God.. Behold I say unto you, do ye suppose
that ye cannot worship God, save it be in your syna-
gogues only? And moreover, I would ask, do ye sup-
pose that-ye must not worship God- only once ina
week? I-say unto you, it is well that ye are cast out
of your synagogues, that ye may be humble, and that
ye may learn wisdom; for it. is necessary that ye
should learn wisdom; for it is because that ye are cast
out, that ye are despised of your brethren, because of
our exceeding poverty, that ye are brought to-a low-
fincas of heart; for ye are necessarily brought to be
humble. And now because ye are compelled to be
humble, blessed are ye; for.a man sometimes, if hes
compelled to be: humble, seeketh repentance;. and now
surely, whosoever repenteth, shall find mercy; and he
that findeth mercy, and enduretii to the end, the same
shall be-saved. And now-asI said unto you, that be-
cause ye were compelled to be humble, -ye-were bles-
sed, do ye not suppose that they are more blessed who
traly humble themselves because of the word? Yea,
he thattraly humbleth himself, and repenteth of: bis
sins, and endureth to the end the same shall be bles-
sed; yea, much more:blessed than they: who are: com-
pelledto be humble}: because:of their exceeding pover
ty}: therefore blessed-are they who’ humble themselves

 
