without being compelled to be humble; or rather; in
other: words, blessed is he that believeth in the word
of God; and is baptized without stubborness of heart;
yea; without being brought to know the word, or even
compelled to know, before they will believe. Yea,
there are many-who do say, if thou wilt show unto us
asign from-heaven, then we shall know of a surety;
then we shall believe. Now [ ask, is this-faith? Be-
hold; I'say unto you, nay; for if aman knoweth a
thing, he hath no cause to believe, for he knoweth it.
And now, how much more cursed is he that knoweth
the will-of God and doeth it not, than he that only be-
lieveth, or only hath cause to believe, and falleth imto
transgression? . Now of this thing, ye'must judge.
Behold, T say unto you, that it is om the one hand,
even as itis on the other; and it shall be unto every
man according to his work,

And now ag I-said concerning faith: Faith, is not
to-have a perfect knowledge of things; therefore if ye
have faith, ye hope for things which are not seen,
which are true. And now, behold, I say unto you:
andI would that ye should remember that God is
merciful unto all who believe on his name; therefore
he desireth, in the first place, that ye should believe,
yea, even on his word. And now,:he imparteth his
word by angels, unto men; yea, not only men, but
women also. Now this is not all: little children do
have words given unto:them thany times, which con-
found the wiseand theilearned: ~-  ee
 And now, my beloved brethren, as ye have desired
toknow of me what ye shall do because ye areafflict-
ed and cast out: now I do not desire that ye should
Suppose that I mean to judge you only according to
that which ig true; for I do not;mean that ye all of
you have been compelled to humble yourselves; for I
verily believe that there are some among you who
would-humble themselves, let them be in: whatsoever
circumstances they might.' Now as I said concerning
faith.that it was not a perfect. knowledge, even soit
is: with my words. Ye cannot know of their surety
at first, unto perfection, any. more than faith-is a per-
fect knowledge:’ But behold, if ye will awake and.
arouse your faculties, even to an experiment upon my
words, and exercise a particle of faith; yea, even ifye
can’no more'than desire to’ believe, lev thig'desire work.
in you, even until ye believe'ina tanner that’ ye'can
give place fora portion of my’ words. Now we will

  

 
