withetsaway, and ye’ pluck it up-and cast it out..

Now this is not because the seed was not good: neither

is it because the fruit thereof would not be desirable.

But it is because your ground is barren, and ye: will

not nourish the: tree; therefore ye cannot have the

fruit thereof.:: And thus if ye will notnourish the

word, looking forward with an eye of faith to the fruit

thereof, ye can never pluck of the fruit of the tree of
life’. But if ye will nourish the word, yea, nourish the

tree as-it beginneth to grow, by your faith with great

diligence,and with patience, looking forward to the

fruit thereof, it-shall'take root; and behold, it shall be

a tree-springing up unto everlasting life; and because

of your diligence, and your faith, and your patience:
with the. word, in nourishing-it, that it: may take root

in you, behold, by and by, ye shall plack the fruit

thereof, which is most precious, which is sweet above

all: that is'sweet, and-which is white above all that is

white;yea, and pure above all thatis pure; and ye:
shall feast upon this fruit, even until ye are filled, that

ye hunger:not, neither shall ye thirst. Then my breth-

ren ye shall reap the rewards of your faith, and your

diligence, and patience, and long suffering, waiting for

the tree to bring forth fruit unto’ you.

Now after Alma had spoken these words, they sent
forth unto. him desiring to knew whether they should
believe in one God, that they might obtain’ this fruit
of which he had spoken, or how they should plant the
seed, or the word, of which he had spoken, which he
said: must be planted in their hearts; or in what man-
ner they should begin to exercise their faith?) And
Alma said. unto them, behold ye -have said that~ ye.
could not worship your God, because ye are cast out
of your synagogues. But behold, I say unto you, if
ye suppose that ye cannot worship God, ye do greatly

err,’and ye ought-to search the scriptures; if yesup-. 

pose that they have tauglit-you this, ye do notunder-,
stand them. Doye remember to have read what Ze-’.
nos, the prophet of old, has said concerning prayer or:
worship? for he: said; thou art merciful: O God, for
thou. hast heard my prayer, even when I was in the:
wilderness; yea; thou wast merciful when I prayed
concerning those who were’ mine enemies, and thou’
didst turn then to me; yea; O. God, and thou. wast
merciful unto me when did cry unto thee in my field;
when I didcry unto thee in iny, Braye and thoy didst® .
hear me. And again, O God, when J did'turn to my

\
