house thou didst. hear me many prayer. And when
i did turn unto my closet,.O:Lord, and prayed unto
thee; thou didst. hear, me; yea, thou art: merciful unto
thy children. when they .cry unto thee:to be heard of
thee, and not of men, and thou wilt hear them; yea,
O. God thou hast. been merciful unto me and heard my
eries in the midst of thy congregations; yea, and thou
hast also heard me when  have:been cast out, and
have been despised’ by mine enemies; yea, thou didst
hear my cries, and wast-angry. with mine enemies, and
thou didst visit them in thine anger, with speedy des-
truction; and thou didst hear. me because of mine af-
flictions. and my sincerity; and;it.is because of thy
Son that thou.hast been thus merciful unte me; there-
fore I will cry unto. thee in all mine afflictions;, for in
thee.is my. joy; for thou hast turned thy. judgments
away from me, because of thy Son.

And now Alma said unto. them, do ye believe those
scriptures which have been written by them of old?.
Behold, if ye do, ye-must: believe what) Zenos said;.
for behold, he said, thou hast turned away thy, judg-
ments, because.of. thy Son. Now behold, my breth-
ren, I-would ask,-if. ye have read the scriptures?.. If.
ye have, how can ye disbelieve on the Son of God?.
For it is not. written. that, Zenos’ alone spake. of these
things, but-Zenock also spake of these things; for be-
hold, he said, thou art-angry, O Lord, with this peo- -
ple, because they will not understand of thy mercies
which thou hast bestowed upon-them, because of thy
Son. Andnovw .my brethren, ye see that a second
prophet of old has testified of the Son of God; and be-
cause the pecple would not understand his words, they
stoned him todeath.. Butbehold, this is not all; these
are not:the only ones who have spoken concerning the
Son of God. Behold, he was spoken of by Moses:
yea,.and behold,..a type was raised: up in. the wilder-
ness, that whosoever, would look upon it might live.
And many did lookand live. But few understood the
meaning of those things, and this because of the hard-
ness of their hearts... But there were many who were
so hardened that they would not look; therefore they
perished.. Now the reason they .would. not.-look, is
because they did not believe that.it..would heal them.
O my brethren, if ye.could be healed by merely cast-
ing.ebout, your.eyes,. that ye, might be:healed, would
yenat behold quickly, -or would ye rather harden your.

arta in unbelief,.and ~be.slothful, that: ye would not’
