cast about your eyes, thatye might perish? If so, wo
shallcome upon you; but-if notso, then cast about
your eyes and begin to believe in the Son of God, that
he will come to redeem his' people, and_ that he shall
suffer and die to atone for their sins; and that he shall
rise again from the dead, which shall bring to pass the:
resurrection, that all men shall stand before him, to
be judged, at the last and judgment day, according to.
their works. And now my brethren,  desire that ye
shal! plant this word in your hearts, and as it begin-
neth tovswell, even so nourish it by your faith. And
behold; it will become a tree, springing up in you un-
to everlasting life. And then may God grant unto
you that your burdens may be light, through the joy
of his Son. And even a)] this can ye do, if ye will.. _
Amen.

And now it came to pass that after Alma had spoken
these words unto them, he sat down upon the ground,
and Amulek arose and began to teach them, saying,
my brethren, I think that itis impossible that ye should
be ignorant of the things which have been spoken con-
cerning the coming of Christ, who is taught by us to
be the Son of God; yea, I know that these things
were taught unto you, bountifully, before your dissen-
sion from among us. And as ye have desired of my
beloved brother, that he should make known unto you
what ye should do, because of your afflictions; and he
hath spoken somewhat unto you to prepare your
minds; yea, and he hath exhorted you unto faith, and
to patience; yea, even that ye would have so much
faith as even to plant the word in your hearts, that ye
may try the experiment of its goodness; and we have
beheld that the great question which is in your minds;
is whether the word be in the Son of God, or whether
there shall be no Christ. And ye also beheld that my
brother has proven unto you, in many instances, that
the word isin Christ, unto salvation. My brother
has called upon the words of Zenos, that redemption
cometh through the Son of God, and also upon the
words of Zenock; and also he -has appealed unto Mo- .
ses, to prove that these things are true. And now-be-
hold, I will testify unto: you of myself, that these.
things are true. Behold, i say unto you; that I -do
know that Christ shall come among the children of
men, to take upon him the transgressions of his peo-
ple, and that he shall atone for the sins of the world;
forthe Lord God has spoken it; for it is expedient
