that an atonement should -be made; for according to
the great plan of the-eternal God, there. must be an
atonement made, or else all mankind must unavoidably
perish; yea, all are hardened; yea, all are failen, and
are lost, and must perish except. it be through the
atonement which it is expedient should be made; for
it is expedient that there should be a great and last sa-
crifice; yea, nota sacrifice of man, neither of beast,
neither of any mannervof fowl; for itshall not be a hu-
man sacrifice; but it must be an infinite and eternal
sacrifice. Now there is not. any man that can saeri-
fice his own blood, which will atone for the sins of an-
other. Now ifa manmurdereth, behold, will our law,
which is just, take the life of his brother? I say unto
you, nay. But the law requireth the life of him who
hath murdered; therefore there can be nothing, which
is short of an infinite atonement, which will suffice for
the sins of the world; therefore it is expedient that
there should be a great and last sacrifice; and then
shall there be, or itis expedient there should be,a stop to
the shedding of blood; then shall the law of Moses be
fulfilled; yea, it shall all be fulfilled; every jotand tittle,
and none shall have passed away. And behold, thisis
the whole meaning of the law; every whit pointing to
that great and last sacrifice; and that great and last sac-
fiec will be the Son of God; yea, infinite and eternal; and
thus he shall bring salvation to all those who shall believe
on his name; this being the intent of this last sacrifice,to
bring about the bowels of mercy, which overpowereth
justice and bringeth about means unto men that they
may have faith unto repentance. And thus merey can
satisfy the demands of justice, and encircles them in
the arms of safety, while he that exercises no faith un-
to repentance, is exposed to the whole law of the de-
mands of justice; therefore, only unto him that has
faith unto repentance, is.brought about the great and
eternal plan of redemption. Therefore may God grant
unto. you, my brethren, that ye may begin to exerci
your faith unto repentance, that ye begin to call upon
his holy name, that he would have mercy upon you
yea, cry unto him for mercy; for he is mighty to save:
yea, humble yourselves, and continue in prayer un
him; ery unto him when ye are in your fields; yea:
overall your flocks; ery unto him in your houses, ye:
overall your household, both morning, mid-day, and
evening; .yea,.cry unto him-against the power of you!
enemies; yea, cry, unto him against the devil, whos
