knowledge of their Redeemer? -Now these. mysteries
are not yet fully made known unto.me; therefore I
shall forbear. And it may suffice, if I only say, they
are preserved for a wise purpose, which purpose is
known unto God: for he doth counsel in wisdom over
all his works, and his paths. are straight, and his
course is one eternal round. O remember, remember,
my son Helaman, how strict are the commandments
of God. And he said, if ye will keep my command-
ments, ye shall prosper in the land; but if ye keep
not his commandments, ye shall be cut, off from. his
presence. And now remember, my son, that God
has entrusted you with these things, which are sacred,
which he has. kept sacred, and also which he will
keep and preserve for a wise purpose in him, that he
may shew forth his power unto future generations.
And now behold, I tell you by the spirit of prophe-
cy, that if ye transgress the commandments of God,
behold, these things which are sacred, shall be takeu
away from you by the power of God, and ye shall be
delivered up unto satan, that he may sift you as chaff
before the wind; but if ye keep the commandments of
God, and do with these things which are-sacred, ac-
cording to that which the Lord doth command. you,
(for you must appeal unto the Lord for all things what-
soever ye must do with them,) beheld, no power of
earth or hell can take them from you, for God is power-
ful to the fulfilling of all his. words; for he will fulfil all
his promises which he shall make unto you, for he has
fulfilled his promises which he has made unto our fi
thers. For he promised unto them.that he would re-
serve these things for a wise purpose in him, that he
might shew forth his power unto future gnerations.
And now behold, one purpose hath he fulfilled, even
to the restoration of many thousands of the Lamanites
to:the knowledge of the truth; and he hath shewn
forth his power in them, and he will also still shew
forth his power in them, unto future generations;
therefore they shall be preserved; therefore I com-
mand you, myson Helaman, that ye be diligent i
fulfilling all my words, and that ye be diligent in keep-
ing the commandments of God, as they are written.
And now, I will. speak unto. you concerning. those
twenty-four plates, that ye keep them, that the mys
teries and the. svorks:-of darkness, and their. secret
works, or the secret .works,of those people, who.have
heen destroyed, may. be-made manifest: unto this peo
