blood of those whom they murdered, did ery unto the
Lord their God, for vengeance upon those who were
their murderers; and thus the judgments of God did
come upon these workers of darkness and secret com-
binations; yea, and cursed be the land forever and ev-
er unto those workers of darkness and secret combin-
ations, even unto destruction, except they repent be-
fore they are fully ripe.

And now my son, remember the words which I have
spoken unto you: trust not these secret plans unto
this people, but teach them an-everlasting hatred
against sin and iniquity; preach unto them repent-
ance, and faith on the Lord Jesus Christ; teach them
to humble themselves, and to be meek and lowly in
heart; teach them to withstand every temptation of
the devil, with their faith on the Lord Jesus Christ;
teach them to never be weary of good works, but to
be meek and lowly in heart: for such shall find rest to
their souls. O remember my son, and learn wisdom
in thy youth; yea, Jearn in thy youth to keep the
commandments of God; yea, and cry unto God for all
thy support; yea, Jet all thy doings be unto the Lord,
and whithersoever thou goest, let it be in the Lord:

ea, let thy thoughts be directed unto the Lord; yea,
et the affections of thy heart be placed upon the Lord
forever; counsel. the Lord in all thy doings, and he
will direct thee for good; yea, when thou lest down
at night, lie down unto the Lord, that he may watch
over you in your sleep; and when thou risest in the
morning, let thy heart be full of thanks unto God:
and if ye do these things, ye shall be lifted up at the
last day. And now my son, I have somewhat to say
concerning the thing which our fathers call a ball, or
director; or our fathers called it liahona, which is, be-
ing interpreted, a compass; and.the Lord prepared it.
And behold, there cannot any man work after the
manner of so curious a workmanship. And behold, it
was prepared to shew unto our fathers the course
which they should travel in the wilderness: and it di
work for them according to their faith in God; there-
fore if they had faith to believe that God could cause
that those. spindles should point the way they should
go, behold, it was done; therefore they had this mu-
aecle, and also, many other miracles wrought by the
power of God, day hy day; nevertheless, becaus?
those-miracles. were. worked: by small means, it did
shew unto them marvelous works... They were sloth
