your youth, to lookto the Lord your God;.even so I
hope that you will continue in keeping his :ecommand-
ments: forbiessed is ha that endureth to the end. 
say unto youmy son, that I'have had great joy in thee
already, because of thy faithfulness, and thy diligence,
and thy patience, and thy long suffering among the
peop'e of the Goramites. For I knew that thou wast
in bonds; yea, and [also knew tnat thou, wast stoned
fo, the word’s sake; and thou didst bear ail these
things with patience, because the Lord was with thee:
and new thou knowest that the Lord did deliver thee.
And-now my son Shibloa, I. would that ye should
remember that as much as ye shall put your trest in
God, even so inuch ye shall be delivered out of
your trials, and your troubles, and your aillictions; and
ye shall be lifled up at the last day. Now my son, I
would not that ye;should think that I-know these
things of myself, bul itis the spirit of God which is in
me, which maketh these things known unto me: for if
Thad not been born of God, I should not have known
these things. But behold, the Lord in his great mercy
setit his angel to declare unto me, that I must stop the
work of destruction among his people; yea, and  have
seen an angel face to face; and ne spake with me, and
his voice was as thunder, and it shook ihe whole earth.
And it came to pass that Twas three days and three,
nights in the most bitter pain and anguish of soul; and
never, until I did ery out unto the Lord Jesus Christ
for mercy, did [ receive a remission of my sins. But
behold,  did ery unto him, and I did find peace to my
soul, And now my son, IT have told you this, thatye
may learn wisdom, that ye may leain of me that there
is no other way nor means whereby man can be saved,
only in and through Christ. Behold, he is the lifeand
the light of the world. Behold, heis the word of truth
and righteousuess. And now, as ye have begun to
teach the word, even so [ would that ye should con-
tinue to-teach; and f would that ye would be diligent
and temperafe.in all thines, See that ye are not lifted
up anto prifes yea, see. that ye do not: boast in your
own wisdom, nor of your much strength; use boldness,
But not ojrbearance; and also see that ye:bridle all
your passsions, that -ye'may-be filled with love; see
that ye rgrain fromidleness; do not pray as the Zoram-
sa do, or yeshave seen thatthey:pray to be heard
: Of Men/and tebe praised for:their wisdom..  Do:net
say, OffodysT thank:thee that we are: better than out
