pent, they will stand: as a testimony against you at the
last day. Now my son,I would that ye should repent,and
forsake your sins, and:go no moreiafter the lusts of your
eyes, but cross yourself in all these things; for except ye
do this, ye can in no wise inherit the kingdom of God.
O remember, and take it upon you, and cross yourself
in these things. And I command you to take it upon
you to counsel your elder brothers in your undertak-
ings; for behold, thou art in thy youth, and ye standin
need to be nourished by your brothers. And give heed
to their counsel; suffer not yourself to be led away by
any vain or foolish thing; suffer not that the devil lead
away your heart again, after those wicked harlots. Be-
hold,O my son, how great iniquity ye brought upon the
4oramites: for when they saw your conduct, they
would not believe in my words. And now the spirit of
the Lord doth say unto me, command thy children to
do good, lest they lead away the hearts of many people
to destruction: therefore [ command you,my son, in the
fear of (sod, that ye refrain from your iniquities; that ye
turn to the Lord with all your mind, might and strength;
that ye lead away the hearts of no more, todo wickedly;
but rather return unto them, and acknowledge your
faults, and retain that wrong which ye have done; seek
not after riches, nor the vain things of this world; for
behold, you cannot carry them with you.

And now, my son, I would say somewhat unto you
concerning the coming of Christ. . Behold, I say unto
you, that-it is he that surely shail come, to take away
the sins of the world; yea, he cometh to declare glad
tidings of salvation unto his people. And now my
son, this was the ministry unto which ye were called,
to declare these glad tidings unto this people,to prepare
their minds; or rather that salvation might come unto
them, that they may prepare the minds of their chil-
dren to hear the word at the time of hiscoming. And
now I will ease your. mind somewhat on this subject.
Behold, you marvel why these things should be known
so long. beforehand. Behold, I say unto you, is not 4
soul at this time as precious.unto God, asa soul will
be at.the time of. his coming?: Is it not as necessary
that the plan of redemption should be made known un-
to this people, as well as unto theirehildren? Is it not
as easy at this time, for the Lord to send his angel to
declare these glad. tidings unto us, as.unto our childreni
or as-after the time of his coming?,. Now my son, here
is somewhat more.1 would. say unto-thee; fort per
