ceive that thy mind is: worried:concerning the resur:
rection of the dead. Behold, I-say unto you, that
there is no resurrection; or I. would say, in’ other
words, that this mortal does not put on immorality;
this corruption does not put-on incorruption, until af
ter the coming of Christ. Behold, he bringeth to pass;
the resurrection of the dead. But behold, my son, the’
resurrection is not yet. Now I unfold unto you-a
mystery; nevertheless, there are many mysteries,
which are kept, that no one knoweth them, save God
himself. But 1 shew unto you one thing, which I
have inquired diligently of God, that } might know;
that is. concerning the resurrection. Behold, there is
a time appointed that: all shall come: forth from -the
dead. Now when’ this time cometh, no one knows;
but God knoweth the time which is appointed. . Now:
whether there shall'be one time, or a second time,. or
a third time, that men shall come forth from the dead,
it mattereth not; for-God knoweth all these things;
and it sufficeth meto know that'this isthe case; that
there is a time appointed that all shall rise from the
dead.. Now there must needs bea space betwixt the
time of death, and the time of the resurrection. And
now I would inquire. what becometh of the souls of
men, from this time of death, to the time appomted
for the resurrection? . Now whether there is more than
one time appointed: for. men. to rise, it mattereth not;
forall do net’ die at once: and this mattereth not; all
18 a8 one day, with God; and time only is measured
unto men; therefore there is:a time: appointed unto:
men, that they shall rise from the dead; and there
is a space between the time of death and the resur-
rection, And now concerning this space: of’ time.
What beeometh of: the souls of men, is the thing
which I have inquired diligently of the Lord to
know; and this’is the thing of. which I:do know.
And when-the time cometh. when. all shail tise, then
shall they- know that God knoweth all the times which
ire appointed: unto’ man. = Now concerning the state
of the.soul between death and -the’ resurrection.  Be-
hold, it-has been. made, known unto me, by an angel,:
that the spirits of all:men, as:soon as they are depart.
ed from-this mortal body; yeay: the spiritsof all’men,
whether they be good or’evil, are taken home to that
God who-gave: them life. And:then shall it comie to
pass the spirits of those who are righteous, are received
