¥

into a state of: happiness, which: is called paradise; a.
state of rest; a state of peace, where they shall rest
from all: their-troubles, and from all care, and sorrow,
&c. And then shall it come to pass, that the spirits
of the wicked, yea, who.are evil; for behold, they have
no-:part nor portion of the spirit.of the Lord; for be-
hold, they choose evil works, rather than good; there-
fore the spirit of the devil did enter into them, and
take possession of their house; and these shall be cast
 outinto outer darkness; there shall be weeping, and
wailing, and gnashing of teeth; and this because of
their own iniquity; being led captive by the will of
the devil. Now this isthe state of the souls of the
wicked; yea, in darkness, and a state of awful, fearful,
looking for of the fiery indignation of the wrath of
God upon them; thus they remain in -this state, as
well as the righteous in paradise, until the time of their
resurrection, _ Now there are some that have under-
stood that this state of happiness, and this state of
misery of the soul, before the resurrection, was a first
resurrection. Yea, ].admit it may be termed a resur-
rection; the raising of the spirit or the soul, and their
consignation to happiness or misery, according to the
words which have been spoken. And behold, agaio
it hath been spoken, that there is a first resurrection;
2 resurrection.of. all those who have been, or who are,
or who shall bs, down to the resurrection of Christ
from the dead: Now we do not suppose that this first
resurrection which is spoken of in this manner, can be
the resurrection of the souls, and their consignation to
happiness or misery. Ye cannot suppose that this is
whatit meaneth. Behold, I say unto you nay; but it
meaneth the re-uniting of the soul with the body of
those from the days of Adam, down tothe resurrection
of Christ. Now whether the souls and the bodies of
those of whom have been spoken, shall all be re-united
at once, the wicked as well es the righteous, I do not
say: let it suffice, that I say that they all come forth:
or in other words, their resurrection cometh to. pass
before the resurrection of those who. die after the re-
surrection of Christ. Now my son, Ido not say that
their resurrection cometh at the resurrection of Christ;
but behold, I give it as my opinion, that the souls and
the bodies are re-united,. of the righteous, at:the-resul-
rection® of ' Christ,':and his assension: into. heaven.
But whether it:beat:his resurrection, or after, Ido not
say; but this much I say, that there is a space between
