death:and the resurrection of the body, :and a state of
the soul: in happiness or-in misery, until the time
whichis appointed of God -that the dead. shall come
forth, and be re-united, both soul and body, and be
brought to stand before God, and be judged according
to their works; .yea, this bringeth about-the restoration
of those things of which have been spoken by the
mouths-of the prophets. The soul shall be restored.to
the body, and the body to the soul; yea, and every
limb and-joint shall be restored to. itsbody; yea, even
a hair of the head shall not be lost, but all-things shall
be restored to their proper and perfect frame. And
now my son, this is the restoration of whieh. has been
spoken by the. mouths of the prophets: And then
shallthe righteous shine forth in the kingdom of God,
But behold, -an awful death cometh upon the wicked;
for they dieas to things pertaining to things of right-
eousness; for they are unclean, and no unclean thing
can inherit the kingdom of God; but they are cast out,
and consigned to partake of the fruits of their labors
or their works, which have been evil; and they drink
the dregs of a bitter cup. -

And now my son, I have somewhat to say concern-
ing the restoration of which has been spoken; for be-
hold, some have wrested the scriptures, and have gone
farastray, because of this thing. And I perceive that
thy mind. has been worried also, concerning this thing.
But: behold, I. will explain it unto.thee. -I say unto
tliee, my son, that the plan of restoration is requisite
with the justice of God; for it is requisite that all
things should be restored: to their proper order. Be-
hold; it is requisite and just, according. to the. power
and resurrection of Christ, that the soul of man should
be restored 'to' its body, and that every part of the oor
should: be restored to itself. And it is requisite wit
the justice of God, that-men should be judged accord-
ing to their works; and if their works. were good: in
this life; and the desires of their hearts weregood, that
they should also, atthe last day, be restored: unto:that
which is good; and if their works are evil, they shall
be restored unto. hinr for: evil; therefore, all things
shall be restored to their proper order; every thing to
its natural frame; mortality raised to immorality; cor-
ruption to incorruption; raisedto endless happiness,
to'inherit the kingdom of God, or to:endless misery,
to inherit the kingdom of the devil; the one on one
hand; 'theother on theother; the one:raised:to happi-
