neag, according to his desires of happiness;. or good,
according to his desires of good: .and the other to evil,
according to'hix desires of evil; for as he has desired
to do evil al] the day long, even go shalt he haye his
reward of evil, when the night cometh. . And go it is
on the other hand. -If he hath repented of his sins,
and desired. righteousness until the end of his days,
even so he shall. be rewarded unto righteousness.
These are they that are redeemed of the Lord: yea,
these are they that are taken. out, that are delivered
from that endless night of darkness; and thus they
stand -or. fall; for behold, they are their own judges,
whether to.do good or doevil. Now the decrees of
God are unalterable; therefore.the way is prepared,
that whosoever will, may walk therein and be saved.
And now behold, myson, do not risk one more-offence
against-your God upon those points of doctrine, which
ye have hitherto:risked .to commit sin. Do not sup-
pose, because it has been spoken. concerning restora-
tion; that ye shall be restored. from, sin to happiness.
Behold I say unto you, wickedness never was happi-
ness. And now, niy son, all-men tnat are.in a state
of nature, or I would say, ina carnal state, are in the
gall of bitterness, and in the bonds of :niquity; they
are without God in the world, and: they have gone
contrary to the nature of God; therefore-they are ina
state contrary to the nature of happiness. . And now
behold, is the meaning of the word restoration, to take
a thing of'a natural state, and place it in an unnatural
state, or to place:it in a.state opposite to its nature?
O, my-son, this-it not the case; but the meaning of
the word restoration, is to bring back again evil for
evil, or carnal for carnal, or devilistifor devilish; good
for that which is good; righteous for that which is
righteous; just for that which is just; merciful for that
which is merciful; therefore, my. son, see that ye are
merciful unto your. brethren; deal justly, judge right-
eously, and do good. continually; and if yedo all these
things, then shall ye receive your reward; yea, ye
shall have merey restored unto you again; ye shall
have justice restored unto you again; ye shall have 4
righteous judgment restored unto you again; and ye
shall have good. rewarded.unto.-you, again;. for. that
which: ye do. setid-out,shall-return unto. you again, and
be restored; : therefore theword.restoration, more fully
eondemneth the sinner, and’ justifieth/him not/atall..’

And now; my aon, 1 perceive :there.is:eomewhat
