slain’ by their hands; yea, for they did smite in two
many of their -head-plates;' and they did’ pierce many
of their breast-plates; andthey did smite off many of
their arms; and thas the Lamanites did smite in their
fierce anger. - Nevertheless, the Nephites were inspir-
ed by a better cause; for they were not fighting for
monarchy nor power; but they were fighting for their
homes, and their liberties; their wives, and their child-
ren, and their all; yea, for their rites of worship, and
their church; and they were doing that which they
felt: was the duty which they owed to their God; for
the Lord had said unto them, and also unto their fa-
thers, that inasmuch as ye are not guilty of the first
offence, neither the second, ye shall not suffer your-
selves to be slain by the hands of your enemies. And
again, the Lord has saidthat ye shall defend -your
families, even-unto bloodshed; therefore for this cause
were the Nephites contending with the Lamanites, to
defend themselves, and their families, and their lands,
their country, and their rights, and their religion.
And it came:to pass that when the men of’ Moroni
saw-the fierceness and the anger of the Lamanites,
they were about to shrink and Hee from them. And
Moroni, perceiving their intent, sent forth and inspir-
ed their hearts with these thoughts; yea, the thoughts
of their lands, their liberty, yea, their freedom trom
bondage. And it eame to pass that they turned upon
the Lamanites, and they eried with one voice unto the
Lord their God, for their liberty, and their freedom
from bondage. And they began to stand against the
Lamanites with power; and -in that self-same hour
that they cried unto the Lord for their freedom, the
Lamanites began to flee before them; and they fled
even to the waters of Sidon. Now the. Lamanites
Were nrore’numerous} yea, by more than’ double the
number of the Nephites; nevertheless, they. were
driven insomuch that they were gathered together in
one body, in the valley, upon the bank, by the river
Sidon; therefore the armies of Moroni encircled them
about; yea, evenon both sides of the river; for be-
hold, on the east, were the men of Lehi; therefore
when, Zeraheninad saw the men of Lehi on the east of
the river Sidon, and the armiesof Moroni on the west
of the river Sidon, that they were encircled about by
the Nephites, they were struck with terror. Now
Moroni, when: he saw. their terror, commanded his
men that they should stop shedding their blood: -
