And it:came to-pass that they did stop, and: .with-
drew @ pace from them... And:\Moronisaid unto Ze+
rahemnah, behold, Zerahemnah, that we do-not de-
sire to be men of blood. Ye know: that ye are in our
hands, yet we do not desire-to slay you. - Behold, we
have not- ome. out.to battle against you, that we
might shed -your blood, for power; neither do we :de-
sire to bring any. one to the yoke of bondage. - But
this is the very cause for which ye have come against
us; yea, and ye are.angry with us because of our re-
ligion.:’ But’now ye behold that the Lord. is with us;
and ye behold that he has delivered you into. our
hands. And now [would that-ye should understand
that this is done unto us because of our religion and
our faith in-Christ. And now ye see that ye cannot
destroy this our faith. Now ye see that this is the
true faith of God; yea, ye see that God will support,
and keep, and preserve us, so long as we are faithful
unto him, and unto our faith, and our religion; and
never will the Lord suffer that we shall be destroyed;
except we should fall into transgression, and deny our
faith. And now, Zerahemnah, I command you, in
the name of that all-powerful God, who has strength-
ened our arms, that we have gained power over you
by our faith, by our religion, and by our rites of -wor-
ship; and by our church, and by the sacred support
which we owe toour wives and our children, by that
liberty which binds us to our. lands andour country;
yea, and also by the maintenance of the sacred: word
of God, to which we owe al! our happiness; and: by
all that is most dear unto us; yea, and this is not-all;
Teommand you by all the desires: which ye have for
life, that ye deliver up your weapons of war unto us,
and we will seek not your’ blood, but we will spare
your lives, if ye will go your way, and come not again
to waragainst us. And now if ye do not this, behold,
ye are in. our hands, and I will command my men that.
they shall fall upon you, and inflict the wounds: of
death in your bodies, that ye may become extinct;
and then we will see who shall. have power over this
people; yea, we will see who shall be brought into
bondage.

And now it came. to pass that when Zerahemnah
had heard these sayings; he: came forth and delivered
up his sword and his cimeter, and his: bow into the
hands-of Moroni, and said' unto him, behold,’ here: are

Our weapons: of war; we will deliver them up:unto
