more be numbered among the people of Nephi;. but
whosoever remaineth, and is:not destroyed in that
great and dreadful day, shall be-numbered among the
Lamanites, and’shall become like unto them, all, save.
it bea few, who shall be called the disciples of the
Lord; and them shall the Lamanites pursue, even un-
til they shall become’ extinct. And now, because of
iniquity, this prophecy shall be fulfilled.

And now itcame to pass that after Alma had said
these things to Helaman, he biessed him, and also his
other sons; and he also blessed the earth, for the right-
eous’ sake. And he said, thus saith the Lord God:
Cursed shall be the land, yea, this land, unto every
nation, kindred, tongue, and people, unto destruction,
which do wickedly, when they are fully ripe; and as
I have said, so shall it be: for this is the cursing and
the blessing of God upon the land, for the Lord can-
not look. upon sin with the least degree of allowance.
And now, when Alma had said these words, he bless-
ed the church, yea, all those who should stand fast in
the faith, from. that time henceforth; and. when Alma
had done this, he departed out of the land of Zarahem-
la, as if to go into the land of Melek. gAnd it came to
pass that he was never heard of more; as to -his death
or burial, we know not of. . Behold, this we know,
that he was a righteous man; and the saying went
abroad in the church, that he was taken up by the
spirit, or buried by the hand of the Lord, even as Mo-
ses... But behold, the scripture saith the Lord took
Moses unto himself; and we suppose that he has also
received Alma, in the spirit, unto himself; therefore,
for this cause, we know nothing concerning his death
and burial.

And now it came to pass in the commencement of
the nineteenth year of the reign of the judges Ser the
people of Nephi, that Helaman went forth among the
people to. declare. the word unto them; for behold, be-
cause oftheir wars with the Lamanites, and the many.
little: dissensions and disturbances which had been
among’ the people, it became expedient that the word
of God: should. be declared among them; yea, and that
aregulation- should be made throughout: the church;
therefore Helaman and his brethren went forth to es-
tablish. the church.again in all the: land, yea, in every
city, throughout all-the land which was possessed: by.
the:people of, Nephi... And:it came to pass: that: they.
