did appoint priests and teachers throughout all the
land, over all the churches.

And now it came to pass that after Helaman and
his brethren had appointed priests and. teachers over
the churches, that there arose a dissention among
them, and they. would not give heed to the’ words of
Helaman and his brethren; but they grew proud, be-
ing lifted up in their hearts, because of their exceed-
ing great riches; therefore they grew rich in their own
eyes, and would not give heed to their words, to walk
uprightly before God.

And it came to pass that.as many as would not
hearken to the words of Helaman and his brethren,
were gathered together against their brethren. And
now behold, they were exceeding wroth, insomuch
that they were determined to slay them. Now: the
leader of those who were wroth against their brethren,
was a large and a strong man; and his name was Am-
alickiah. And Amalickiah was desirous to be a king;
and -those people who were wroth, were also desirous
that he should be their king; and they were the great-
er part of them the lower judges of the land; and
they were seekigg for power. And they had been led
by the flatteries of Amalickiah, that if they would
support him, and establish him to be their king, that
he would make them rulers over the people. Thus
they were led away by Amalickiah, to dissensions,
notwsthstanding the preaching of Helaman and his
brethren; yea, notwithstanding their exceeding’ great
care over the church, for they were high priests over
the church. And there were many in the church who
believed in the flattering words of Amalickiah; there-
fore they dissented even from the church; and thus
were the affairs of the people of Nephi exceeding pre-
carious#and dangerous, notwithstanding their great
victory which they had had over the Lamanites, and
their great rejoicings which they had- had, because of
their deliverance by the hands of the Lord. Thus we
see how quick the children of men do forget the Lord
their God; yea, how quick to do iniquity, and to be
led away by the evil one; yea, and we also see the
great wickedness one very wicked man can cause to
take place among the children of men;  yea, we see
that Amalickiah, because: he was a man of cunning
devices, and aman of :many-flattering words, that he
led'away the hearts:of many: people to do wickedly;
yea, and to'seek to destroy the church of God, and to
