And it came to pass that: when Amalickiah saw that
the people of Moroni were more -numerous than the
Amalickiahites; and he also saw that his people were
doubtful concerning the justice of the cause in which
they had undertaken; therefore, fearing that he should
not gain. the point, he’ took those of his people who
would, anddeparted into: the land of Nephi.

Now Moroni thought it was not expedient that the
Lamanites'should have any more strength; therefore
he thought to cut off the people of Amalickiah, or to
take them-and bring them back, and put Amalickiah
to death; yea, for he knew that they would stir up the
Lamanites to anger against them, and cause them to
come t6 battle against them; and this he'knew that
Amalickiah would do, that he might. obtain his pur-
poses; therefore Moroni thought it was expedient that
he should take his armies, who had gathered them-
selves together, and armed themselves, and entered
into acovenant to keep the peace: And it came to
pass that he took his army, and marched: out into the
wilderness, to cut off the course of Amalickiah in the
wilderness.

And-it came to pass that he did according to his
desires, and marched forth into the wilderness, and
headed the armies of Amalickiah. Ard it came to
pass that Amalickiah fled with a small number of his
men, and the remainder were delivered up into the
hands of Moroni, and-were taken. back into the land
of Zarahemla. Now Moroni being a:man-who was
appointed by the chief judges and the voice of the peo-
ple therefore he had power according to his will, with
the armiesof the Nephites, to establish and'to exercise
authority over them. 8

And it came to pass that whomsoever of the Ama-
lickiahites that would not enter into a convenant to
support the cause of freedom, that they might main-
tain a free government, he caused 1o be put to death;
and there was but few who denied the covenant of
freedom.

And it came to pass also, that he caused the title of
liberty to be hoisted upon every tower which was in
all'the land, which was possessed by the. Nephites;
and thus Moroni planted the standard of liberty among
the Nephites. And they began to have peace again
in the land; and thus they did maintain’ peace in
the land, until nearly the end of the nineteenth: year
of the reign of the judges, And Helaman and the
