And: now it came to pass that.as soon as Amalickiah
had obtained the ,kingdom, he began to inspire the
hearts .of the Lamanites .against the. people of Nephi;
yea, he did appoint men to, speak unto the Lamanites
from their towers, against the Nephites; and thus he
did inspire their hearts. against, the Nephites, insomuch,
that in the latter end of the nineteeth year of the reign
of the judges, he having accomplished his designs
thus far;, yea, having been made king over the Laman-
ites, he soughtalso to reign over all the land; yea,
and all the people who. were in the land, the Nephites
as well as the Lamanites, therefore he had accomplish-
ed his design, for he. had hardened the hearts of the
Lamanites, and. blinded their winds, and stirred them
up to anger, insomuch that he had gathered togethera
numerous host, to go to battle against the Nephites.
For he was determined, because of the greatness of
the number or his people, to overpower the Nevhites,
and to bring them into bondage; and thus he did ap-
point chief captains of the Zoramites, they being the
most acquainted with the strength of the Nephites, and
their places of regort, and the weakest parts of their
cities; therefore.he appointed them to be chief captains
over his armies.

And it came to pass that they took their camp, and
moved forth towards the land of Zarahemla, in the
wilderness. Now it came to pass that while Amalic-
kiah had thas been obtaining power by fraud and de-
ceit, Moroni, on the other hand, had been preparing
the minds of the people to be faithful unto the Lord
their God; yea, he had.been strengthening the arnues
of the Nephites, and erecting small forts, or places of
resort; throwing up banks of earth round about, to
enclose his.armies, and also building walls of stone to
encircle them about, round about their cities, and the
borders of their lands; yea, all round about the land;
and in their weakest fortifications, he did place the
greater number of men; and thus he did fortify and
strengthen the land which was possessed by the Ne-
phites. And thus he was. preparing to support their
liberty, their lands, their wives, and their children, and
their peace, and that they might live unto the Lord
their God, and that they might maintain that which
was called by tueir enemies the cause of christians.
And Moroni was.a strong anda mighty man; he was
a man ofa perfect understanding; yea, aman that did
not delight in bloodshed; a man iho soul did joy in
