had algo prepared themselves with garments.of skins;
yea, very thick. garments, to.cover.their nakedness..
And. being thus: prepared, they. supposed that. they
should easily overpower and: subject: their brethren.to
the yoke. ofbondage, or slay and massacre them accor-
ding to their pleasure. But behold, to their uttermost
astonishment, they were prepared for them, in a man-
ner which. never had been known among the children
of Lehi. Now they were prepared for the Lamanites,
to battle, after the manner of the instructions of Mo-
roni. And it came to pass that the Lamanites, or the
Amalickiahites, were exceedingly astonished at their
manner.of preparation for war. Now if king Amalic-
kiah had come down out of the land of Nephi, at the
head of his army, perhaps he would have caused the
Lamunites to have attacked the Nephites at the city
of Ammonihah; for behold, he did care not for the
blood of his people. But_behold, Amalickiah did not
come down himself, to battle. And behold, his chief
captains durst not attack the Nephites at the city of
Ammonihah, for Moroni had altered the management
of affuirs among the Nephites, insomuch that the La-
manites :-were disappointed in their places of retreat,
and they could not come upon them; therefore they
retreated into the wilderness, and took their camp, and
marched towards the land of Noah, supposing that to
be the. next best place for them to come against the
Nephites; for they knew not that Moroni had fortifi-
ed or had built forts of security for every city in all the
land round about; therefore they marched forward to
the land of Noah, with a firm determination; yea,
theirchief captains came forward, and took an oath
that:they would destroy the people of that city. But
behold, to their astonishment, the city of Noah, which
had. hitherto been a weak place, had now, by the
means of Moroni, become strong; yea, even to exceed
the strength of the city Ammonihah. And now be-
hold, this was wisdom in Moroni: for he had suppo-
sed that they would be frightened. at the city Ammon-
ibah; and as the city of Noah had hitherto: been the
Weakest part of the land, therefore they would march
thither'to.battle; and thus it was, according to his-de-
sires., And behold, Moroni had appointed Lehi to. be
chief captain over the men.of that city; and it-was
that same Lehi who fought with the Lamanites in the
valley, on:the east of the river Sidon. 
