called the name of the city, or the land, Nephihah..
And they also, began, in that same year, to build ma-
ny cities on the north; one in a :particnlar manner
which they called Lehi, which: was in the north, by
the’ borders of the seashore. And thus ended the
twentieth year. And in these prosperous circumstan-
ces were the: people of Nephi, in the commencement
of the twenty and first year of the reign of the judges
over the people of Nephi. And they did prosper ex-
ceedingly, and they became exceeding rich; yea, and
they did multiply, and were strong in the land. And
thus we see how merciful and just are all the dealings
of the Lord, to the fulfilling of all his words unto the
children of men; yea, we can behold that his words
are verified, even. at this time, which he spake unto
Lehi, saying, blessed art thou and thy children; and
they shall be blessed, inasmuch.as they shall keep my
commandments; they shall prosper inthe land. But
remember, inasmuch as they will not keep my com-
mandments, they shall be cut off from the presence of
the Lord. And we see.that these promises have been
verified to the people of Nephi; for it has been their
quarrellings and their contentions, yea, their murder-
ings, and their plunderings, their idolatry, their. whore-
doms, and their abominations, which were amon
themselves, which brought upon them their wars saa
their destructions. And those who were faithful in
keeping: the commandments of the Lord, were deliy-
-eredvatvall:times, whilst thousands of their wicked
brethren have been consigned to bondage, or to perish
by the sword, or to dwindle in: unbelief, and mingle
with the: Lamanites. But behold there ,never was a
happier. {ime among the people of Nephi, since: the
days of Nephi, than in the days of Moroni; yea, even
at this'time, in the twenty and first year of the reign
ofthe judges... And it came to pass}that the twenty
and. second year of the reign of the judges, also ended
in;peace; -yea, and also the twenty and third year.
. And it.came to pass that in the commencement of
the twenty and fourth year of the reign of the judges,
there would also-have been peace among the people of
Nephi, -had.it not been for. 2. contention which took
place: among.them concerning the land of Lehi, and.
the land of Morianton, which joined upon the borders
of Lehi; both of which were on the borders by the sea
shore. For behold, the people who possessed the land

   
