of Morianton,: did claim'a part.of the land.-of Lehi;
therefore there began to be a warm contention between
them, insomuch that the people of Morianton took up
arms against their brethren, and they were determined
by the sword to slay them. But behold, the . people
who possessed the land of Lehi, fled to the camp of
Moroni, and appealed unto him for assistance; for be.
hold, they were not in the wrong.

And. it came to pass that when the people of Mori-
anton, who were led-by.a man whose name was Mori-
anton, found that the people of Lehi had fled to the camp
of Moroni, they were exceeding fearful lest the army of
Moroni. should come upon them, and destroy them;
therefore, Morianton-put it into their hearts that the
should flee to the land which was northward, whic
was covered with large bodies of water, and take-pos-
session of the land which was northward. And be-
hold, they would have carried this plan into effect,
(which would have been a cause to have.been Jament-
ed,) but behold, Morianton, being a man of much pas-
sien, therefore he was angry with one of his maidsery-
ants, and he fell upon her, and beat her much. And
it-came to pass that she fled, and came over to the
camp of Moroni, and told Moroni all things concern-
ing the matter; and also concerning their intentions to
flee into the land-northward. Now behold, the people
who were in the land Bountiful, or rather. Moroni,
feared that they would hearken to the words of Mori-
anton, and:unite with his people, and thue he would
obtain possession of those parts of the land, which
would lay a foundation for serious consequences amon
the people of Nephij..yea, which consequences would.
lead to the overthrow of their liberty; therefore Moro-
ni sent an army,’ with their camp, to head the people
of-Morianton, to stop their flight into the land north-
ward. And it came to’ pass that they did not. head
them, until they had come.to-the borders of the land
Desolation; and there they did-head them, by the nar-
row pass which led by the sea into the land northward;
yea, by the sea,;on the west, and on the east.”

And it came:to pass that the army. which was sent
by Moroni, which was led: by-a:man whose name was

eancum, did .meet the people of Morianton; and so
stubborn were. the people of Morianton,.(being inspir-
ed-by his wickedness and his flattering words,) that
battle: commenced . between them, in the which Tean-

cum did slay Morianton, and defeat his army, and took

 
