But’ behold, Pahoran would not: alter, nor.suffer: the
law tovbe altered; therefore he did not hearken to those
who had sent in their: voices with theirpetitions, con-
cerning'the altering of the: law; therefore those who
were desirous that the law’should be altered, were an-
gry with-him, and desiredthat he should no longer be
chief judge-over the land; therefore there arose a warm
a ia concerning the matter; butnot. unto blood-
shedi- crs et 9 aA bard a

And it came'to pass that those who.were desirous
that Pahoran shouldbe dethroned from the judgment
seat, were called king-men, for they .were desirous
that-the law. should. be altered in a: manner to over-
throw the free government,-and toestablish a: king.
over the land: And those who were desirous that Pa-
horan: should remain chief judge over: the land, took
upon:them the:name of freemen; and thus was' the di-
vision among them: for the freemen had sworn or cov-
enanted to maintain their-rights, and the privileges of
their religion, by a free government.

And it came to pass that this matter of their conten-
tion was settled, by the voice of the people.: And it
came to pass that the voice of the people came. in fa-
vor of the freemen, and Pahoran retained'the judgment
seat, which caused much rejvicing-among the brethren
of Pahoran, and also: many of the people of liberty;
who also put the king-men to silence, that: they durst
not oppose, but. were obliged to maintain the cause of
freedom. Now those who -were in favor of kings,
were those of high birth; and they sought to be kings;
and they were supported by those who sought power
and authority over the people. But behold, this was
a critical time for such contentions to be among the
people of Nephi; for behold, Amatickiah had again
stirred up the hearts of the people of the Lamanites,
against the people of the Nephites, and he was gather-
ing together soldiers, from all parts of his land, and
arming them, and preparing for war, with all diligence;
tor he had sworn to drink the blood of Moroni Bat
behold, -we shall see: that his. promise which he made,
was rash; nevertheless, he-did prepare himself and his’
armies; to come to battle against the N oe Now
his armies'were not so great-as thoy had hitherto been,
because of the many thousands who had been slain by
the hand of the Nephites; but notwithstanding their
great Ings, Amalickiah had: gathered together a won-
derfal- great army, insomuch thathe feared not to come
