country. And thus Moroni -put-an end to those king-
men, that there were not any known by the appellation
of king-men; and thus he put an end to the stubborn-
ness, and the pride of those people who professed the
blood of nobility; but they were brought down to
humble themselves like unto their brethren, and to
fight valiantly for their freedom from bondage.

Behold, it came to pass that while Morom was thus
breaking down the wars and-contentions among_his
own people, and subjecting them to peace and civiliza-
tion, and making regulations to prepare for war against
the Lamauites,. behold, the Lamanites had come into
the land of Moroni, which was. in the borders by the
seashore.

And it came to pass that the Nephites were not suf-
ficiently strong inthe city of Moroni; therefore Ama-
lickiah did drive them, slaying many. And it came
to pass that Amalickiah took possession of the city;
yea, possession of all their fortifications. And those
who fled out of the city of Moroni, came to the city
of Nephihah; and also: the people of the city of Lehi
gathered themselves together, and made preparations,
and were ready to receive the Lamanites to battle.

But it came to pass that Amalickiah would not suf-
fer the Lamanites to go against the city of Nephihah
to. battle, but kept them down by. the seashore, leaving
men in every city to maintain and defend it; and thus
he went on, taking possession of many cities: the city
of Nephihah, andthe city of Lehi, and the city. of
Morianton, and the city of Omner, and the city of Gid,
and the city of Mulek, all of which were on the east
borders, by. the seashore. .And thus had the Laman-
ites obtained, by the cunning of Amalickiah, so many
cities, by. their numberless: hoasts,. all. of which were
strongly fortified, after the manner of the fortifications
of Moroni; all of -which afforded strong holds for the
Lamanites. -

- And it came to pass that they marched to the bor-
ders of the laud Bountiful, driving the Nephites before
them, and slaying many. But it came to pass that
they were-met by Teancum, who had'slain Morianton,
and had headed his people in his flight... And it came
to passithat -he headed Amalickiah also, and he was
marching forth with his numerous army; that he might
take possession of the land'Bountiful; and..also the
Jand northward,., But behold, he -met,with: a-disap-
pointment, by being repulsed. by Teancum: and his
