that? the brother of Amalickiah was appointed king
overthe people; andhis name was. Ammoron: thus
king Ammoron, the brother of king Amalickiah, wag
appointed to reign in his stead.

And it came to pass that he did command that his
people should maintain those’ cities. which they had ta-
ken by the shedding of blood; for they had not taken
any cities, save they had lost much blood, And now
Teancum saw that the Lamanites were determined to
maintain those cities which they had taken, and those
parts of the land which they had obtained possession
of; and also seeing the enormity of their number, Te-
ancum thought it was not expedient that he should at-
temptto attack them in their forts;. but he kept his
men round about, as if maki: g preparations for war;
yea, and truly he was preparing to defend himself
against them, by casting up walls round about, and
preparing places of resort. ,

And it came to pass that he kept thus preparing for
war, until Moroni had sent a’large number of men to
strengthen his army; and Moroni also sent orders’ un-
to him, that. he should: retain all’ the prisoners who
fell into his hands; for as-the Lamanites had taken
many prisoners, that he should retain all the prison-
ersof the Lamanites, as a ransom for those whom
the Lamanites had taken. And he also-sent orders
unto him, that he should fortify the land Bountiful,
and secure the narrow pass which led into the land
northward, lest the Lamanites should obtain -that
point, and should have power to harrass them on eve-
ry side. And Moroni also sent unto him, desiring
him that he would be faithful in maintaining that
quarter .of the land, and that. he would seek every op-
portunity to scourge the Lamanites in that quarter, as
much as was in his power, that’ perhaps he might
take again, by stratagem or some other way, those
cities woich had’ been-taken out of their hands; and
that he also would fortify and strengthen the cities
round about, which had not fallen into the hands of
the Lamanites. And he also said’ unto him, J would
comeunto you, but. behold, the Lamanites are upon
usin the borders of the:land by the west-sea; and be-
hold, I go against them; therefore I cannot come unto

your : ears

Now the king (Ammoron, ) had departed:out of the
land of Zarahemla,: and had made’ known unto’ the
queen concerning’ the death''of his brother, and had
