behold, Jacob, who was a Zoramite, would not come
out with his army to meet them upon the plains.
And it came to pass that Moroni, having no hopes
of meeting them upon fair grounds, therefore he re.
solved upon a plan that he might decoy the Lamanites
out of their strong holds. Therefore he-caused that
Teancum should take a small number of men, and
march down near the seashore: and Moroni and his
army, by night, marched in-the wilderness, on the west
of the city Mulek; and thus, on the morrow, when
the guards of the Lamanites had discovered Teancum,
they ran and told it unto Jacob, their leader.
_ And it came to pass that the armes of the Lamanites
did march forth against -Teancum, supposing by their
numbers to overpower Teancum, because of the small-
ness of his numbers. And as Teancum saw the ar-
mies of the Lamanites coming out against him, he
began to retreat down by the seashore, northward.
And it came to pass that when the Lamanites saw
that he began to flee, they took courage and pursued
them with vigor... And while Teancum was thus lead-
ing away the Lamanites who were pursuing them in
vain, behold, Moroni commanded that a part of his ar-
my who were with him, should march forth into the
city, and take possession of it, .And thus they did,
and slew all those who had been left to protect the city;
yea, all those who would not yield up their weapons
of war. And thus Moroni had obtained possession of
the city Mulek, with a part of his army, while. he
marched with the remainder to. meet the Lamanites,
when they should return from the pursuit of Teancum.
And: it came to pass that the Lamanites did pursue
Teancum until they came near the city Bountiful, and
then they were met by Lehi, and a small army, which
had been left to protect the city Bountiful. And now
behold, when the chief captains of the Lamanites had
beheld Lehi, with his army, coming against them, they
fied in much confusion, lest perhaps they should not
obtain the city Mulek, before Lehi should overtake
them; for they were wearied because of their maich,
and the men of Lehi were fresh. Now the Lamanites
did not know that Moroni had been in their rear with
his army; and all they feared, was.Lehi and his men.
Now Lehi was not desirous:to overtake them, till they
should meet Moroni and bis.army. And it came to
pass that before the Lamanites had retreated far, they
were surrounded by the Nepbites; by the men of Mo-
