And. now behold, I-have somewhat-to say concern-
ing the people of Ammon, who, in the begining, were
Lamanites; but by Ammon and his brethren, or rather
by the power and. word of God, they bad been convert:
ed unto the Lord; and they had been. brought down
into the land of Zarahemla, and had: ever since been
protected by the Nephites; and because of their oath,
they had been kept from taking up arms against their
brethren: for they had taken an oath, that they never
would shed blood more; and according to their oath,
they would’ have perished; yea, they would have suf-
fered themselves.to have fallen into the hands of their
brethren, had it not been for the pity. and the exceed-
ing love which Ammon and his brethren had-had for
them; and for this cause, they. were brought down
into the land of Zarahemla; and they ever had been
protected by the Nephites.

But it came to pass that when they saw the danger,
and the many afflictions .and tribulations which the
Nephites bore for them, they were moved with com-
passion, and were desirous to take up arms in the de-
fence of their country. . But'behold, as they were about
to take their weapons of war, they were overpowered
by the persuasions of Helaman and -bis brethren, for
they were about to break the oath which they had
made; and Helamen feared lest by so doing,. they
should lose their souls; therefore ali those who had
entered into this covenant; were compelled to behold
their brethren wade through their afflictions, in their
dangerous circumstances, at this time. But behold,
it came to: pass they had many sons, who had not en-
tered into a covenant that they would snot take their
Weapons of war to defend themselves against their
enemies; therefore they did assemble themselves: to-
gether at this time, ag many.as were able to take up
arms; and they called themselves Nephites;. and they.
entered into a covenant, to fight for the liberty of the
Nephites; yea, to protect the land. unto the laying
down of their.lives; yea, even they covenanted that
they never would give up their liberty, but.they would
fight in all cases to protect the Nephites and them-
selves from bondage. .

Now. behold, there were two thousand. of. those
young men who.entered into this covenant, .and took
their weapons of war to defend their country... And
new behold, asithey never:had hitherto been.a disad-
vantage to: the Nephites, they became now at this pe-
