riod of time also-a great support; for they took their
weapons of war, and they would that: Helaman should
be their leader. And they were all young men, and
they were exceeding valiant for courage, and also for
strength: and uctivity; but behold, this was not all:
they were men who were true at all times in whatso-
ever thing they were entrusted; yea, they were men
of truth and soberness, for they had been taught to
keep the commandments of God, and to walk upright-
ly before him.

And now it came to pass that Helaman did march
at the head of his two thousand stripling soldiers, to
the support of the people in the borders of the land on
the south by the West Sea. And thus ended the
twenty and eighth year of the reign of the judges over
the people of Nephi, &c.

CHAPTER XXV.

Anp now it came to passin the twenty and ninth
year of the judges, that Ammoron sent unto Moroni,
desiring that he would exchange prisoners. And it
came to pass that Moroni felt to rejoice exceedingly
at this request, for he desired.the provisions which were
imparted for the support of the Lamanite prisoners,
for the support of his own people;. and he also desired
his own people for the strengthening of his army.
Now the Lamanites had taken many women and'chil-
dren; and there was not. a woman nor a child among
all the prisoners of Moroni, or the prisoners whom
Moront had taken; therefore Moroni. resolved upon
stratagem, to obtain as many prisoners of the Nephites
from the Lamanites, as it were possible; therefore he
 wrote an epistle, and sent it by the servant of. Ammo-
ron, the same who had brought an-epistle to Moron!.
Now these'are the words which he wrote:unto Ammo-
ron, saying, behold, Ammoron, I. haye written unto
you somewhat concerning this war which ye have
waged against my people, or rather-which thy brother
hath waged against them,:and which. ye are still de-
termined to.carry on afterhis death... Behold, would:
tell: you-something concerning the justice of God; and
the. sword:of’ his Almighty wrath, which: doth :hang
