armies, for I fear not your threatnings.. -For. behold,
your fathers did wrong their brethren, insomuch that
they did. rob them of their right to the government,
when it rightly belonged unto them. And now be-
hold, if ye will lay down your arms, and subject your-
selves to be governed by those to whom the govern-
ment doth rightly belong, then will I cause that my
people shall lay down their weapons, and shall be at
warno more. Behold, ye have breathed out many
threatnings against me and my people: but behold,
we fear not your threatnings; nevertheless, I will
grant to exchange prisoners according to your request,
gladly, that I. may preserve my food for my men. of
war; and we will wage a war which shall be eternal,
either to the subjecting the Nephites to our. au-
thority, or to theireternal.extinction. And as con-
cerning that God whom. ye say we have rejected, be-
hold, we know not such a being; neither do ye;. but if
it so be that there is such a being, we know not but
that he hath made us as well.as- you; and if it so be
that there is a.devil and a hell, behold, will he not send
you there, to dwell with my brother, whom ye. have
murdered, whom ye have hinted that he hath gone to
such a place? But behold, these things mattereth not.
Iam Ammoron, and a descendant of Zoram,. whom
your fathers pressed and brought. out of Jerusalem.
And behold, now; I ama. bold Lamanite. Behold,
this war hath been waged, to avenge their wrongs,
and to maintain, and to obtain their rights to. the
government; and I close. my epistle to Moroni,

Now it.came to: pass that when Moroni had received
this epistle, he was more angry, because he knew-that
Ammoron had a perfect knowledge of his fraud; yea,
he knew. that Ammoron knew’ that. it was not-a just
cause that had caused him to wage a war against the
people'of Nephi. And he said: behold, I will not ex-
change prisonerswith Ammoron, save he will with-
draw his purpose, as I have stated in my epistle; for
PE will not grant unto-him that he'shall have-any more
power than what he hath got. Behold, I know the
place: where the Lamanites doth guard my people,
whom they: have taken .prisoners; and as’ Ammoron
would not grant unto me: mine’ epistle, behold, I will
give-unto him) according to my words; yea, I-will
seek death among them, until they shall sue for peace-
And now it: came to® pass that- when Moroni had said
these words, he cause that a search shouldbe made
