faith in:that which they had been taught. to. believe,
that there. was.a just God; and whosoever did not
doubt, that they should be preserved by his. marvel-
ous power. Now this was the faith of these of whom
I have spoken; they are young, and their minds are
firm; and they do put their trust in God continually.

And now if came to pass that after we had thug!
taken care of our wounded men, and had buried our
dead, and also the dead of the Lamanites, who were
many, behold, we did inquire of Gid concerning the

risoners whom they had started to go down to the
[aad of Zarahemla with. Now Gid was the chief
captain over the band who was appointed to guard
them down to the land. And now, these are the
words which Gid said unto me, behold, we did start
to go down to the land of Zarahemla, with our pris-
oners. And it came to pass: that we did meet the
spies of our armies, who had been sent out to watch
the camp of the Lamanites. And they cried unto us,
saying, behold, the armies of the Lamanites are
marching towards the city of Cumeni; and behold,
they will fall upon them, yea, and will destroy our
people. 

And it came -to pass that our prisoners’ did hear
their cries, which caused them to take courage; and
they did rise up in rebellion against us. And it came
to pass because of their rebellion, we did cause that
our swords should come upon them. And it came to
pass that they did, ina body, run upon our swords,
in the which, the greater number of them were slain;
and the remainder of them broke through and fled
from us. And behold, when they had fled, and we
could not overtake them, we took our march with
speed towards the city Cumeni; and behold, we did
arrive in time that we might assist our brethren in
preserving the city. And behold, we are again deliy-
ered out of the hands of our enemies...:And blessed is
the name of our God: for bebold, itvis..he that has
delivered us; yea, that has done this great.thing for
us. a
Now it came to pass that when I, Helaman, had
heard these words of Gid, I was filled with exceeding
Joy, because of the goodness of God in preserving us,
that.we'might not all perish; yea, and I trust that
the souls of them.who have been slain, have entered
into the rest.of their God, , 
