And behold,-now it came to’ pass thatour next ob-
ject was to obtain the city of Manti; but behold, there
was no way that we could lead them out ofthe city,
by our small bands. For behold they remembered
that which we had hitherto. done; therefore we could
not decoy them away’ from their strong holds; and
they were so much more numerous than was our army,
that we durst not go forth and attack theny'in their
strong holds. Yea, and it became expedient-that we
should employ our men, to the maintaining those
parts of the land, of the which we had retained of our
possessions; therefore it became expedient’ that we
should wait, that we might receive more strength from
the land of Zarahemla, and also a new supply of pro-
visions.

And it came to pass that I thus -did-send an embas-
sy to the governor of our Jand, to-acquaint him con-
cerning the affairs of our people. And it came to
pass that we did wait to receive provisions and
strength, from the land of Zarahemla. But behold,
this did not profit us but little: for the Lamanites
were also receiving great strength, from day to day,
and also many provisions; and thus were our circum-
stances at this period of time. And the Lamanites
were sallying forth against us, from time to time, re-
solving by stratagem, to destroy us; nevertheless, we
could not-come to battle with them, because of their
retreats and their strong holds. =~

And it came topags that we did wait in’ these diffi-
cult circumstances, for the space of many months,
even until we were-about to perish: for the want of
food. But it came to pass that we did’ reeeive food,
which was guarded to us by an army of two thousand
men, to our assistance; and this is all the assistance
which we did receive, to’ defend ourselves and our
country from falling into the hands: of our enemies;
yea, to contend. with an enemy which was innumere-
ble. And now-the cause of these our embarrassments,
or the cause why they did not’send more strength un-
to us, we knew not; therefore we were grieved, and
also filled with fear, lest by any means the judgments
of God should comeupon our land, to'our overthrow
and utter destruction; therefore we did pour out our
souls in prayer to God, that he would strengthen us
and deliver us out'of the harids of our enemies; yea,
and also give us strength, that wee' might retain our
scities, and our lands, and our possessions, for the sup-
