port of our people. Yea, and it came to pass. that
the Lord our God did visit us with assurances, that
he would deliver us; yea, insomuch that he did speak
peace to our souls, and did grant unto us great faith,
and did cause us that we should hope for our de-
liverance-in him; and we did take courage with our
small force which we hid recived, and were fixed with
a determination to conquer our enemies, and to main-
tain our lands, and our possessions, and our wives; .
and our children, and the cause of our liberty.” And
thus we did go forth with all our might against the
Lamanites, who were in the city of Manti;. and we
did pitch our tents by the wilderness side, which was
near to the city., And it came to pass that on the
morrow, that when the Lamanites saw that we were
in the borders by the wilderness which was near the
city, that they sent out their spies round about us, that
they might discover the number and the strength of
our army. i
' And it came to pass that when they saw that we
were not strong, according to our numbers, and: fear-
ing that’ we should cut them off from their support,
except they should come out to battle against us, and
kill us, and also supposing that they could’ easily des-
troy us with their numerous hosts, therefore they be-
an to make preparations: to come out against us.to
battle. And when we'saw that they were making
preparations to come out against us, behold, I caused
that.Gid, with a small number of men, should secrete
himself in the wilderness, and also that Teomner
should, with a small number of men, secrete them-
selves also'in the wilderness. Now Gid and his men
Were on the right, and the others on the left; and
When they had thus secreted themselves; behold, I re-
mained with the remainder of my army, in that same
place where we had first pitched our tents, against
a time that the Lamanites should come out to bat-

e,

_And it-came to pass that the Lamanites did come
out with their numerous army against us. And when
they-had come and were about to fall upon us with
the sword, I caused that my men, those- who were
With me, should retreat into the wilderness.

And it: came to pass that the: Lamanites did follow
after. us'with great speed, for they were exceedingly
desirous! 'to overtake us,’ that they mightslay us;
therefore: theydid follow us-into the wilderness; and
