we, did pass by in the midst of Gid and Teomner, in-
somuch that they were not discovered by the Laman.
ites. 

_And it came to pass that when the Lamanites had
a by, or when the army had passed by, Gid and

eomner did rise up from their secret places, and did
cut off the, spies of the Langgnites, that they should
not return to the city. And it came to pass that
when they had cut them off, they ran to the city, and
fell upon the guards who were left to guard the city,
insomuch that they did destroy them, and. did take
possession of the city. Now this was done because
the Lamanites did suffer their whole army, save a few
guards only, to be led away into the wilderness. __

And it came to pass that Gid and Teomner, by this
means, had obiained possession of their strong holds,
And it came to pass that we took our course, after
having travelled much in the wilderness, towards the
land of Zarahemla. And when the Lamanites. saw
that they were marching towards the land of Zara-
hemla, they were exceeding fraid, lest there was a
plan laid to lead them on to destruction; therefore
they began to retreat into the wilderness again, yea,
even back by the same way which they had came..
And behold, it was night, and they did pitch their
tents; for the chief captains of the Lamanites had
supposed that the Nephites were weary, because of
their march; and supposing that they had driven their
whole army, therefore they took no thought concern
ing the city of Manti,

ow it came to pass that when it was night, that ]
caused that my men should net sleep, but that they
should march forward, by another way, towards the
land of Manti. And because of this our march ih the
night time, behold, on the morrow, we were beyond
the Lamanites, insomuch that we did. arrive before
them to the city of Manti. And thus it came to pass,
that by this statagem, we did take possession of the
city of Manti, without the shedding of blood.

And it came to pass that when the armies of the
Lamanites did arrive near the city, and saw that we
were prepared to meet them, they, were astonished
exceedingly, and. struck with great fear, . insomuch
that they did flee into. the wilderness... Yea, and it
came to.pass. that the armies.of the Lamanites.did
flee out.of all. this.quarter of the: land., But, behold,
they have.canried: with themmany women: and child
