_. CHAPTER AXVH.

Now, it came.to pass in the thirtieth year of the
reign of the jadges over the people of Nephi, after Mo-
roni had. received and had.read Helaman’s epistle, he
was exceedingly rejoiced because of the welfare, yea,
the exceeding success which Helaman had had, in ob-
taining those lands which were lost; yea,.and he did
make it known unto.all his people in all the land
round about in that part where he was, that they
might rejoice also.

nd it came to pass that he immediately sent an
epistle to Pahoran, desiring that he should cause men
to be gathered together, to strengthen Helaman, or
the armies of Helaman, insomuch that he might with
ease maintain. that part of the land which he had been
so miraculously.prospered in retaining. And it came
to pass when Moroni had sent this epistle to the land
of Zarahemla, he began again to lay a plan, that he
might obtain the remainder of those possessions and
cities which the Lamanites had taken from them.

And it came to pass that while Moroni was thus
making preparations to go against the Lamanites lo
battle, behold, the people of Nephihah who were gath-
ered together from the city of Morom, and the city of
Lehi, and the city of Morianton, were attacked by the
Lamanites; yea, even those who had been compelled
to flee from the land of Manti, and: from the. land
round about, had come over and joined the Lamanites
in this part of the land; and thus being exceeding nu-
merous, yea, and receiving strength from day to day,
by the command of Ammoron, they came forth against
the people of Nephihah, and they did. begin: to slay
them with an exceeding great slaughter. And, ther
armies were so numerous, that the remainder of the
people of Nephihah were obliged to flee , before them;
and they came even and joined the, army .of Moron.
And now as Moroni had supposed that, there should
be men sent to the city of Nephihah, to the assistance
of.the people to maintain that city, and knowing thet
it was easier to keep the city from falling into the hands
of the Lamanites, than to retake it from them, he sup-
posed that they would easily maintain that.city;, there-
fore he retained all his force to. maintain those places
which he had.recovered. ...) 665s cee hop Beith 240

And.now when Moroni saw, that,the,city of Nepht

hah was lost, he. was exceeding sorrowful, and. begs?
