lives because of their great desires which they had for
the welfare of this people; yea, and this they have
done, when they were about to perish with hunger,
because of your exceeding great neglect towards them,
And now, my beloved brethren; for ye had ought to
be beloved: yea, and ye had ought to have stirred
yourselves more diligently for the welfare and the
freedom of this people; but behold, ye have neglected
them, insomuch that the blood of thousands shall
come upon your heads for vengeance; yea, for known
unto Goi were all their cries, and all their sufferings.
Behold, could ye suppose that ye could sit upon your
thrones, and’ because of the exceeding goodness of
God, ye could do nothing, and he would deliver you?
Behold, if ye have supposed this, ye have supposed in
vain. Do ye suppose that, because so many.of your
brethren have been killed, because of their wicked-
ness?. I say unto you, if ye have supposed this, ye
have supposed in vain: for I say unto you, there are
many who have fallen by the sword; and behold, itis
to your condemnation; for the Lord suffereth the
righteous to be slain, that his justice and judgment
may come upon the wicked; therefore ye need not
suppose that the righteous are lost because they are
slain; but behold, they do enter into the rest of the
Lord their:'God. And now behold, I say unto you, 1
fear exceedingly that the judgments of God will come
upon this people, because of their exceeding slothful-
ness; yea, even the slothfulness, of our government,
and their exceding great neglect towards their breth-
ren, yea towards those who have been slain: For
were it not for the wickedness which first commenced
at our head,.we could have withstood our enemies,
that they could have gained no power over us: yea,
had it not been for the war which broke out among
ourselves;- yea, were it not for these king-men, who
caused so much. bloodshed among ourselves; yea, at
the time we were contending among ourselves, if we
had united our strength, as.we hitherto have done;
yea, had it not been for the desire of power and, au-
thority which those king-men had over us; had they
been true to the cause of our freedom, and united with
us, and gone forth against our enemies, instead of tek-
ing up their swords against us, which. was the. cause
of so much :bloodshed. among ourselves; yea, if we
had gone forth. against. them, in'the .strength of the
' Lord,:.we; should. bave.despersed .our enemies; for-il
