would have been done according to the fulfilling of his
word. But behold, now the Lamanites are coming
upon us, and they are murdering our people with the
sword; yea, our women and our children; taking pos-
session of our lands, and also carrying them away
captive; causing them that they should suffer all man-
ner of afilictions; and this because of the great wick-
edness of those who are seeking for power and au-
thority; yea, even trose king-men. But why should
I say much concerning this matter, for we know. not
but what ye yourselves are secking for authority?
We know not but what ye are also traitors to your
country? Or is if that ye have neglected us because
yeare in the heart of our country, and ye are sur-
rounded by security, that ye do not cause food to be
sent unto us, and also men to strengthen our armies?
Have ye forgot the commandments of the Lord your
God? Yea, have ye forgot the captivity of our fa-
thers? Have ye forgot the many times we have beer.
delivered out of the hands of our enemies? Or do ye
suppose that the Lord will still deliver.us, while we
sit upon our thrones, and do not make use of the
means which the Lord has provided for ust .Yea, will
ye sit in idleness, while ye are serrounded with thou-
sands of those, yea, and tens of thousands, who do al-
so sit in idleness, while there are thousands round
about in the borders of the land, who are falling by
the sword, yea, wounded and bleeding? Do ye sup-
pose that God will look upon you as guiltless, while
ye sit stilland behold these things? Behold I say un-
to you, nay. Now I would that ye should remember
that Ged. has said that the inward vessel shall be
cleansed first, and then shall the outer vessel be cleans-
ed also. And now except ye do repent of that which
ye have done, and begin to. be up and doing, and send
forth food and men unto us, and also unto Helaman,
that he may support those parts of our country which
he has retained, and that we may also recover the re-
mainder of our possessions in these parts, behold it
will be expedient that we contend no more with the
Lamanites until we have first cleansed our inward ves-
sel; yea, even the great head.of our government;. and
except ye grant mine epistle, and come cut and shew
unto me a, true spirit of freedom, and strive to strength-
en.and fortify. our armies, and grant unto them food
for their support, ,bebold, I. will leave .a part. of my
freemen to maintain this part of our land, .and).J will,
