Now see that ye-fulfil the word of God. Behold, I
am Moroni, your chief captain. I seek not for power
but'to pull it down. JT seek not for honor of. the
world, but for the glory of my God, and the freedom
and welfare of my country. And thusI close mine

epistle.

CHAPTER XXVIII.

Bexorp, now it came to pass that soon after Moro-
ni had sent his epistle unto the chief governor, he re-
eeived an epistle from Pahoran, the chief governor..
And these are the words which he received: J, Paho-
ran, who am the chief governor of this land, do send
these words unto Moroni, the chief captain over the
army, behold I say unto you, Moroni, that I do not
joy in your great afflictions; yea, it grieves’ my soul.
But behold, there are those who do joy in your afflie-
tions; yea, insomuch: that they have risen up in rebell-
lon against me, and also those of my people who are
freemen; yea, and those who have risen up, are ex-
ceeding numerous. And it is those who have sought
to take away the judgment seat from me, that have
been the cause of this great iniquity; for they have
used great flattery;and they have led away the hearts
ofmany people, which will be the cause of sore afilic-
tion among us; they have withheld our provisions, and
have daunted our’freemen, that they have not-come
unto you: And behold, they have driven me out be-
fore them, arid I have fled to the land of Gideon, with
as many men as it were possible that I could get. And
behold, I have sent: a proclamation throughout this
part of the land; and belrold, they are flocking to us
daily, to their arms, in the defence of their country,
and their freedom, and to avenge our wrongs. And
they have eome unto us, insomuch that those who have
nsen up in rebellion againstsus, are set at defiance;
yea, insomuch that they do fear us, and durst not come:
out against us to battle. They have got possession of
the land, orthe city of Zarahemla; they have appoin-
teda king over them, and he hath written unto the’
king of the Iiamanites; in the-which he hath joined an
alliance’ with hith;in the which allidrice, he hath
