agreed to maintain the eity of Zarahemla, which main:
tenance he supposeth will enable the Lamanites to
conquer the remainder of the land, and he shall.be
placed king over this people, when they shall be con.
quered- under the Lamanites. And now, in your epis-
tle you have censured me; but it mattereth not, Lam
not angry, but do rejoice in the greatness of your heart.
J, Pahoran, do not seek for power, save only to retain
my judgment seat, that I may preserve the rights and
the liberty of my people- My soul standeth fast in
that liberty, in the which God hath made us free.
And now behold we will resist wickedness even unto
bloodshed. We would not shed the blood of the La-
manites, if they would stay in their own land. We
would not, shed the blood of our bretbren, if they
would not rise up in rebellion and take the sword
against us. We would subject ourselves to the yoke
of bondage, if it were requisite with the justice of God,
or if he should command us so to do. But behold he
doth not command us that we shall subject ourselves to
our enemies, but that we should put our trust in him,
and he will deliver us. Therefore my beloved brother
Moroni, let us resist evil; and whatsoever evil we can-
not resist with our words, yea, such as rebellions.and
dissensions, let us resist them with our swords, that
we may retain our freedom, that we may rejoice in
the great privilege of our church and in the cause of
our Redeemer and our God. Therefore come unto
me speedily, with a few of your men, and leave the
remainder in the charge of Lehi and Teancum; give
unto them power to conduct the war in that part.of
the land, according to the spirit of God, which is also
the spirit of freedom which is in them. Behold I have
senta few provisions unto them, that they may not
perish until ye can come unto me. Gather together
whatsoever force ye can upon your march hither, and
we will go speedily against those dissenters, in the
strength of our, God, accordidg to the faith which is in
us. And we will take possession of the city of Zara-
hemla, that we may obtain more food to send forth
unto. Lehi and Teancum;, yea, we will go forth against
them,in the strength of the Lord, and:we will.put 40
end to this great iniquity. : :
And now, Moroni, I do joy in receiving your epistle;
for I was somewhat-worried concerning what we should
do, whether:it should be. just in-us to govagainst out
brethren, But:ye have .saidj except they zepenty the
