the'ground, raising. all manner of grain; and flocks;
and herds of every kind; and thus were.the Nephites
rel:eved from a gress burthen; yea, insomuch that they
were relieved from all the prisoners of the Laman-
ites.

 Now it came to pass that Moroni, after,he had ob-
tained. possession of the city of Nephihah, having ta-
ken many prisoners, which did reduce the armies of
the Lamanites exceedingly, and having retained many
of the Nephites who had been taken prisoners, which
did strengthen the army of Moroni exceedingly; ; there-
fore Moroni went forth from the land of Nephihah to
the land of Lehi. ,

And it cameto: pass that when the Lamanites saw
that Moroni was comingagainst them, they wereagain
frightened, and fied before the army of Moroni..
And it came to pass. that Moroni and his army did pur-
sue them from city to city, until they were met by
Gehi and Teancum; and the Lamanites fled from Le-
hiand Teancum, even down-upon the: borders by the
seashore, until they came 1o the land of :Moroni..
Andthe' armies of the Lamanites were all gathered
together, insomuch that they were all in one body, in
the land:of Moroni. Now Ammoron, the king of the
Lamanites, was also. with them. - +

And it-came to pass that Moroni,'and Lehi, and
Teancum, did encamp with. their armies round about
in the borders of the land of Moroni; insomuch that
the Lamanites-were encircled-about in the borders by
the wilderness,’on the south, and in the.borders by the
wilderness, on the east; and:thus they did encamp for
the night;: For behold, the Nephites and the Laman-
ites also, were weary-because of the greatness of the
march; therefore they. did not.resolve upon. any strat-
agem in the night time, save it were Teancum: for he
was exceeding angry with Ammoron, insomuch that
he-considered that’. Ammoron, and Amalickiah. his
brother, had been the cause of this great -and lasting
war between them.and the Lamanites, which had been
the cause.of so much war and bloodshed, yea, and’so
much famine;  9 $-a 2

And'it came to-pass that Teancum in his anger did
go forth into the.camp of: the Lamanites, : and. did let
himself down oyer-the walls.of the city.; And he-went
forth witha! cord) from:place:sto! place, insomuch that
herdid find:the-king; and:hedidi cast a: javeline at; him
which did pierce him near:the heart. But behold, the
