their children;departed out of the-land:of Zarahemla,
into the Jand which wag northward;

 And it came to pass that Hagoth, he being an ex-
ceeding curious mam, therefore.he went forth and built
him an exceeding large ship, on the borders of the
land Bountiful, by the land Desolation, and launched
it forth into the west sea, by the narrow neck which
led into the land northward. And behold, there were
many of the Nephites who did enter therein, and did
sail forth with much provisions, and also many women
and children; and they took their course northward.
And thus ended the thirty and seventh year. And in
the thirty and eighth year, this man built other ships.
And the first ship did also return, and many more peo-
ple did enter into it; and they also took much provis-
ions, and set out.again to the land northward.

And it eame to pass that they were never heard of
more. And we suppose that they were drowned up
in the depths of the sea. And it came to pass that
one other ship algo did sail forth; and whither she did
go, we know not. And it came to pass that in this

ear, there were many people who went forth into the
and northward. And thus ended the thirty and eighth
year.

And it came to pass in the thirty and ninth year of
the reign of the judges, Shiblon died also, and Corian-
ton had gone forth to the land northward, ina ship, to
carry forth provisions unte the people who had gone
forth into that land; therefore it became expedient for
Shiblon to confer those sacred things, before his death,
upon the son of Helaman, who was called Helaman,
being called after the name of his father. Now behold,
all those engravings which were in the possession of
Helaman, were written and sent forth among the chil-
dren of men throughout all the land, saveit were those
parts whch had been commanded by Alma should not
go forth. Nevertheless these things were to be kept
sacred, and handed down from one generation to an-
other; therefore, in this year, they had been conferred
upon Helaman, before the death of Shiblon. And it
came to pass also in this year, that there were some

ters wha had gone forth unto the Lamanites; and
they werestirred up again to anger against theN ephites.
And also in this same year, they: came down witha
Humerous army: to war against the people of Moroni-
hah, or against the army of Moronihah, in:the which
they’ were beaten, and driven back again to their own

Hh
