the’son of Helaman, was appointed to fill'the jadg-
ment seat, by the’ voice of the’ people;: but behold,
Kishkumen, who. had-murdered Pahoran, did lay wait
to destroy Helaman also; and-he wasupheld by his
band, who had entered intoa covenant that no one
should know his wickedness;: for there was one Gadi-
anton who was exceeding expert in many words; and
also in his craft, to-carry on the secret Work of mur-
der and of robbery; therefore he became the leader of
the band of Kishkumen; therefore he did flatter them,
and aleo Kishkumen, that if they would place him in
the judgment seat, he would grant.unto those who be-
longed to his band that they should be placed in pow-
er and authority among the people; therefore Kishku-
men sought to destroy Helaman.

And it came to pass as he went forth towards the
judgment seat, to destroy Helaman, behold one of tlie
servants of Helaman, having been out by night, and
having obtained, through: disguise, a knowledge of
those plang which had been laid by this band te des-
troy Helaman. And it came to pass that he met
Kishkumen, and he gave unto him a sign; therefore
Kishkumen made known unto him the object of his
desire, desiring that he would conducthim to the judg-
ment seat, that he might murder Helaman; and when
the servant of Helaman had- known all the heart of
Kishkumen, and how that it was his object to murder,
and also that it was the object of all those who belong-
ed to his band, to murder, and torob, and:to gain’ pow-
er, (and this was their'secret plan, and their combina-
tion,) the servant of Helaman saith unto Kishkumen,
let us go forth unto the judgment seat. Now this did
please Kishkumen exceedingly, for he did suppose
that he should accomplish his design; but behold, the
servant of Helaman, as they'were going forth unto the
judgment seat, did stab Kishkumen, even to the heart
that he fell dead without a:groan. And he ran and.
told Helamanall the things which he bad seen, and
heard, and done. © 5 Ay. ver?

And it came to pass that Helaman did send forth to
take this band’ofrolibers and secret murderers, that
they might be executed according to the law. But
behold, when Gadianton had found that Kishkumen
did not return} he fearedlest that he should bedestroy-
ed? therefore he caused that his band should follow
him.  And they took their figlit out ofthe land, by's
secret way, intotthe wilderness; and thus when Hele

X a
