man sent forth to-take them, they. could no where be,
found. And more.of this Gadianton. shall.be spoken:
hereafter. And thus ended the forty and second year. .
of the reign of the, judges over the people of Nephi...
And behold, in the end ot this book, ye shall see that,
this Gadianton, did prove the overthrow, yea, almost.
the entire destruction of the people of Nephi. Behold
Ido not mean the end of the-book-of Helaman, but E
mean the end of the book .of Nephi, from which Lhave.
taken all the account which I have written...

CHAPTER. Hl.

Axp now: it came to pass in the forty and. third year
of the reign of the judges, there was no. contention -
among the people of Nephi,.save. it were a little pride
whieh was in thechurch, which. did cause sonie }ittle
dissensions among the'people, which affairs were set-
tled in the ending; of . the forty and third year. And
there was no contention.among the people in the for-
ty and fourth year; neither was.there much. conten-
tion'in the forty and fifth year. And it came to pass
in the forty and.sixth, yea, there. were much: conten-
tions and many dissensions; in the which there. were
an exceeding great many who, departed out of the
land of Zarahemla, and went forth unto the Jand
northward, to.inherit the land; and they didtravel to
an exceeding great distance, insomuch that they came
to large’ bodies of water, and .many.rivers; yea, and
even they did spread forth into all parts of the land,
into-whatever parts it had not been rendered desolate,
and without timber, beeause, of the many , inhabitants
Who had before inherited the-land. And now, no part
ofthe land was desolate, saveit were for timber, &c.;
but because ofthe greatness of the destruction of the
people who-had before. inhabited the land, it, was call-
ed desolate... And there being but. littlevtimber upon. .
the face of the land, nevertheless the people who went.
forth; became exceeding expert in. the working of:ce-
ment; therefore they did-build: houses.of cement, sin
the whichsthey.did, dwelkess io. sai ' ahr) yor once
) Andit eae to,-pass’that they. did..multiply and
spread, andidid gq):forth: fromthe;land southward to
% 

 
