caine to:pass,that there was still great,.c ontentions in
the land,- yea, even. in: the forty.and.seventh year, and
also. inthe forty and eighth.year; nevertheless, Hela-
man did fillthe judgment seat with justice and equity;
yea he did observe to keep the statutes, and the judg-
ments, and the commandments of God; and he did do
that which was right in the sight, of God continually;
and he did walk after the. ways of his father, insomuch
that he did prosper in the land. - And it came to. pass
that.he had two.sons. He-gave unto the eldest the,
name of Nephi, and unto. the youngest the, name-of
Lehi: And they began to grow up unto. the Lord,. -
And itcame to pass that the wars and contentions be-
gan to cease, .ift.a.small degree, among the people, of
the-Nephites, in the latter end of the-forty and.eighth
year ofthe .reign.of the judges. over the people of .Ne-
phi:. And.it came fo pass in the forty and ninth year
of. the reign.of the judges, there was continual peace
established in the land, all save itawere the secret com-
binations which Gadianton the robber had-established,
in. the more settled parts of the land, which at that
time were not known unto. those who. were at the head
of government; therefore they were not destroyed out
of the land,

And it came to pass that in this same year,. there
was exceeding great prosperity. in the church, ingo-
much that there were thousands who did join them-
selves unto. the church, and were baptized unto repent-
ance; and sa great was the prosperity of the church,
and.so.many ihe blessings which were, poured out up. 
on the people, that even the high priests and the teach
ers'were themselves astonished heyond measure. And
it came to pass that the work of the Lord did prosper
unto: the baptizing and uniting to the church of God
Many souls; -yea, even tens of thausands.. Thus we
may see: that the Lord is: merciful unto all.who will,
Inthe sincerity of their hearts, call upon his holy,
name; yea, thus we see that the gate of heaven is
open unto. all, even to those who will -believe on the
hame of Jesus: Christ, who is the Son of God;. yea, we
see that whosoever will lay hold upon the word of God
which is: quick and powerful, which shall divide assun-
der all: the cunning, and the snares, and the. wiles of
the devil, and Jead the man of Christ:in.a straight and
Ratrow course across that. everlasting gulf of miseny:
which is prepared to engulf.the wicked, and land their
soulsj:yea,: their immortal-souls,-at. the right. -hand of

a

 
