God; in the kingdom of -heaven; to-sit-down with
Abraham, and Isaac,’ and with Jacob, and with all our
hely fathers,.to go no more out. - And in this year
there were continual rejoicing in the land of Zarahem-
la, and in.all the regions round about, even in all the
land which was’ possessed by -the Nephites.. And it
came to pass that there was peace and exeeeding great
joy in the remainder of the forty and ninth year; yea,
and also there was continual peace and great-joy in
the fiftieth year of the reign of the judges. And in. the
fifty and first yearof.the reign of the judges, there was
peace also, saveit were the pride which began to en-
ter into-the church; not into the church of God, but
into the hearts of the people who professed to belong
to the church of God; and they were lifted up in pride,
even to the persecution of many of their brethren..
Now this' was a great evil, which did cause the more
hunible part of the people to suffer great persecutions,
and to wade through much affliction; nevertheless,
they did fast and pray oft; and did wax stronger’and
stronger in their humility, and firmer and firmer in the
faith of Christ,:unito'the filling their souls with joy and
€onsdlation, yea, even to the'purifying and the sanct-
fication of their hearts, which sanctification .cometh
because of their yielding their hearts unto God. And
it came to pass. thatthe fifty and second. year ended in
peace also, save it were the exceeding: great pride
which had gotten into the hearts of the people; and it
was because of their exceeding great riches, and theit
prosperity in the land; and it id grow upon: them
from day to day, 9-2 5 > fo 
 And it came to pass in the fifty and third year of the
reign of the judges; 'Helaman died, and his eldest son
Nephi began’ to reign in his stead. And it came to
pass that he did fill the judgment seat with justice and
equity; yea,-he did keep the:commannments of God,
and did walkin the ways of his father. And it came
to passin’ the fifty and fourth year, there were many
dissensioits in the church, and there was algoa conten-
tidn among the people): insomuth that there was much
bloodshed; and 'the rebellious’ part were slainand driv-
et out of the land; and they did go-unto the king of
the:Lamanitesie ory sis tues ogo lteay ep
And it-canie’to'pass thatcthey:did- endeavor to str
upthe Lamanites to” war-against: the Nephites;:but
behold, the Lamanites' were exceeding fraid, insomuch

thatthey would tot -hearken'te the words of those dis+

ts
