senters.. But.it came. to. pass in .the fifty and. sixth
year of the reign of the..judges, there-were dissenters
who went up-from the.Nephites unto.the, Lamanites;:
and they succeeded, with those others in stirring them
up to-anger agains! the Nephites; and they were all
that year-preparing for war. And.in the.fifty and sey-
enth year, they did come down against the Nephites
to battle, and they. did commence the work of death;
yea, msomuch that in the fifty and eighth year of the
reign of the judges, they succeeded in obtaining. pos-
seasion of the land.of Zarahemla;.. yea, and also all.the
lands, even unto theland which was.near the land
Bountiful; and the Nephites, and the armies. of Moro-
nibah, were driven even into the land of Bountiful; and
there they did fortify against the Lamanites, from the
west sea, even unto the east: it being a day's-journey
for a Nephite,,on the line which they had fortified and
stationed their armies to defend their. north country.
Aud thus those dissenters of the Nephites, with:the
help of 2 numerous army of the.Lamanites, had obtain-
ed all the possession of the Nephites which was in the
land southward. And all. this was done in the fifty
and.eighth and ninth. years of the reign of the judges.
And it came:to pass in the.sixtieth year of the reign
of the judges, Moronihah did succeed with his armies,
in obtaining many parts of the land;, yea, they retain-
ed many cities which had fallen into the hands of
the Lamanites. ;
. And it came to pass in the sixty and first year of
the reign of the judges, they succeeded .in retaining
even the half of all their possessions. ..Now this great
loss of the Nephites, and the great slaughter which
Was among them, would not, have happened, had it
not been for their wickedness and: their abomination
which was-among them; yea, and it was among those
also who professed. to belong to the church of God;
and it was because of the pride of their hearts, because
of their exceeding riches, yea, it was because of their
oppression to. the poor, withholding their food from
the hungry, withholding their clothing from the. na-
ked, and smniting their humble brethren upon, the cheek,
making a mock of that which was sacred, denying the
spirit of prophecy and of revelation, murdering, plun-
dering, lying, stealing, committing adultery, rising up
in great contentions,.and deserting away into the land
of Nephi, among the. Lamanites; and because. of this
their great, wicedoche and. their. boastings in their
