own: strength, they were left’ in their own strength;
therefore they did not prosper, but were afflicted-and
smitten, and driven before the Lamanites, until they
had lost possession of almost all their lands. But be-
hold, Moronihah didpreach many things unte the peo-
ple, because of their iniquity, and also Nephi and. Le.
hi, who-were the sons of Helaman, did preach many
things unto’ the people; yea, and did prophesy many
things unto them concerning their iniquities, ind what
should come unto them if they did not repent of their
sins. And it came to pass that they did repent, and
inasmuch as they did repent, they did-begin to pros.
er; for when Moronihah saw. that they -did repent,
e did venture to Jead them forth from place to place,
and from city to city, even until they hadretained the
one halfof their property, and theone halfof'all their
lands.’ And thus ended:the sixty and first year of the
reign of the judges.’ ; a re ng
And it came to pass in the sixty and second year of
the reign of the judges, that Moronihaly could-obtain
no more possessions over the Lamanites; therefore
they did abandon their design tv obtain the remainder
of their lands, for so numerous were the Lamanites
that: in became impossible: for the Nephites to obtain
more power over them: therefore Moroniliah did em-
ploy all his armies in. maintaining those parts which
he had'taken. wie ete te ett he :
And it came to pass because of the greatness of the
number of the Lamanites, the Nephites were in great
fear, lest they should be’ overpowered, and trodden
down, and slain, and destroyed; yea, they began to
remember the prophecies: of Alma, and also. the words
of Mosiah; and they saw: that they’had been a stiff
necked people; and: that they had sev at: nought the
eommandnients of God; and that’ they-had: altered
and trampled” under their: feet the laws’ of Mosiahy or
that which the Lord commanded him to give:unto.the
people; and’ thus seeing’ that their:laws had become
corrupted, and that they had becomes wicked people,
insomuch that they were wicked! even like unto the
Lamanites.. And because of theif iniquity, the church
had began’ to dwindle;! aiid’ they began: to: disbelieve
in the spirit of prophecy; andvin the spirit of revel
tion: and, the: judgments of God did’stare them in the
faces. And-they’saw that'they had: become weak, like
unto theitibrethren; the’ Liamanites, and that ithe spirit
Of the: Lord did no mote ipreserve'themy. yea, it had
