aad which fadeth not away;’ yea, that ye may. -haye
that precions gift-of eternal life, which we have.reason
to suppose hath heen given to our fathers. wah
:-O remember; remember,. my sons, the words which
king Benjamin. spake unto his people; yea, remember
that there is no other way nor means.whereby man
canbe saved, only through the.atoning blood of Jesus
Christ, who-shall come; :yea, remember, that he com-
eth.teo redeem the world. And, remember also, the
words-which Amulek spake ynto Zeezrom, in the city
of Ammenihah;,for he said unto him, that. the Lord
surely should come to,redeem his people: -but that he
should not come.to redeem them in their sins, butto
redeem them from theirsins. And he hath power giy-
en unto him. fromthe Father, to. redeem them from
their sins, because-of repentance; therefore, he hath
sent his angels to declare the tidings of the conditions
of repentance, which -bringeth unto the power of the
Redeemer, unto the salvation of their souls; And now
amy seng, remember, remember that it is :upon-the rock
of our Redeemer, who is Christ, the Son of God, that
ye, must. build your foundation,’ that when the devil
shali send forth-his mighty winds; yea, his shafts in
the whirlwind; -yea, when all his hail and his mighty
storm shall beat upon you; it:shall have no power over
you to drag you.down to .the gulf of misery.and end-
dess..wo,, because of the rock upon which ye are built;
which.is a sure foundation, a foundation whereon if
men. build, they cannot fall. $i
- And. it came to pass that these -were the words which
Helaman taught to his soris; yea, he did teach them
. many things: which are not written, and also. many
things which are written. _ And they did remember bis
words; and. therefore. they went forth, keeping the
commandments of God, to teach the word: of God
among.all.the people.of Nephi, beginning at the city
Bountiful;. and;from- thence forth to the city of Gid;
and from the city of Gid to, the city'of Mulek; and
-eyen..from one city to. another, until they had-gone
forth among all the people of Nephi, who were in the
Jand: southward; and from thence into the land of Za
rahemla, among.the Lamanites, . - ;
. And it came te-pass that they.did. preach with pres’
power, insomuch that:they did, confound many of thos
dissenters who had .gone..over, from. the Nephites; 10
#omuch that they: came’ :forth. and. did. confess: thelt
sing;-and were; baptized unto repentance, and imme
