of darkness, saying, repent ye, repent. ye, and.seek no
more te destroy my servants -whom.I have sent: unto.
you to declare good tidings, 42056 dw ete
And it. came to pass when they,heard this voice, and
beheld that it. was not avoice of thunder; neither wag
it a voice of a great. tumultuons noise; but: behold, it
was a still. voice, of perfect. mildness,,as if it had been
a whisper, and: it did’ pierce even to the yery soul.
And notwithstanding.the nsildness of the voice, behold,
the earth shook exceedingly, and the walis of the pri-
son-trembled again, as-if it. were about-to tumble to
the earth; and’ behold, the eloud of darkness which
had overshadowed them, did not disperse, And be-
hold, the voice came again, saying, repent ye, repent
ye, for the kingdom ofheaven.is at hand; and seek no
more. to. destroy my servants. And it came. to pass,
thatthe earth shook again, and the walls trembled;
and also again the third time the voice came, and did
speak. unto them. marvelous words, which. cannot be
uttered by man; and the walls did tremble again, and
the.earth shook as if it were about to divide assunder,
And it/came -topass that the Lamanites could not
flee, because of the cloud of. darkness which. did over:
shadow them; yea, andalso they were immoyable, be-
cause of the fear which.did come wpon them. - Now
there was.one among them who.was a Nephite by
birth, who had once. belonged to the church of God,
buthad dissented from. them. And-it. came to pass
that he turned him about, and behold, he. saw through
the cloud of darkness the faces of Nephiand Lehi; and
behold, they did shine.exceedingly, even as the faces of
angels. . And he’beheld that they did. lift their eyes to
heaven; and they were in the attitude as if aine
lifting their voices to some being whom they. behel
And it,came.to-pass that this man did cry unto the
multitude, that they.might turn and look. . And:be-
hold, there was power given unto them, that they did
turh and look; .and they did behold the faces of Nephi
and Lehi. . And they-said-unto the-man, behold, what
doth ail these things mean? and.-who is it with whom
these’ men do converse?’ Now the man’s. name was
Aminadab.. And. Aminadab. gaid unto them, they 4
converse with the angels of God, Amd it came to pas?
that, the Lamanites: said unto: him, what:shall we 4%
that-this cloud of darkness may be removed from over
shadowing us? :: And Aminadab:said unto. them, Jou
must-repent, and-ery unto the voice, vevyen until: ys 
