yea,' many fatlingd:’ Behold, their, women did.toil and
spin, and did make-all manner of cloth, of fie twined
linen, and eloth of every kind, to. clothe their naked-
ness; And thas thevsixtyand fourth year did. pass
away in peace.’ And’ in-the sixty and fitth year,-they
did:also have great joy and peace; yea, much preach-
ing, and many prophecies concerning that which was
to come.’ .And thuspassed away the sixty and fifth
ear, - ,  #  _

7 And itcame to’ pass that in the sixty and sixth year
of the reign of the judges, behold, Cezoram was mur-
dered'-by an unknown hand, as he.sat upon the judg-
mient seat.  And it. came to pass that inthe same year,
thathis sony, who had been-appointed by the people in
his stead, was also’ murdered... And, thus -ended the
sixty and-sixth year, And in the commencement of
the sixty and seventh year, the people began to grow
exceeding wicked again... For:behold, the Lord had
blessed them so long with the riches of the world, that
they had not been stirred-up to anger, to wars, nor to
bloodsheds; therefore they began to set their hearts
upon theirriches; yea, they began toseek to get gain,
that they might be lifted up one above another; there-
fore they began to commit secret murders, and to rob,
and to plunder, that they might get gain: .And now
behold, those murderers. and plunderers. were a band
who had been formed by Kishkumeen and Gadianton.
And now it ad: come to pasa that there were many,
even among the Nephites, of Gadianton’s band. But
behold, they were more numerous among the more
wicked part of the Lamanites. And they were called
Gadianton’s robbers and murderers; and it was they
who did murder the chief judge Cezoram, and his son,
yale in the judgment seat; and behold, they were not
ound, © re os 

_ And now it came to pass that.when the Lamanites
found that there were robbers among them, they were
exceeding sorrowfuly and they did use every means in
their-power, to destroy them off the face of the earth.
But behold, satan did’ stir up the hearts of the more -
parts of the Nephites, insomuch that-they did unite
With those bands:of robbers, and did enter into their
covenants, and their oaths, that. they would protect
and preserye one: another, in whatseever difficult cir-
Cumstances they should:be placed, that they.should not
taffer for their muorders; and their. plunderings, and
their-stealings;: At. Sul news DL dete Bow. fa
