CHAPTER IIL
THE PROPHECY OF NEPHI,
THE SON OF HELAMAN. .

God threatens the people of Nephi, that he will visit them
in his anger, to their utter destruction, except they te.
pent of their wickedness. God smitetf the people of
Nephi with pestilence; they repent and turn unto him.
Samuel, a Lamanite, prophesies unto the Nepltites.

Benorp, now it came to pass in the sixty and ninth

ear of the reign of the judges over the people of the

ephites, that Nephi, the son of Helaman returned to
the land of Zarahemla, from the land northward: for
he had been forth among the people who were in the
land northward, and did preach the word of God unto
them, and did prophesy many things unto them; and
they did reject all his words, insomuch that he could
not stay among them, but returned again unto the land
of his nativity; and seeing the people in a state of such
awful wickedness, and those Gadianton robbers filling
the judgment seats; having usurped the power and au-
thority of the land; laying aside the commandinents of
God, and not in the least aright before him: doing no
justice unto the children of men; condemning the right-
eous because of their righteousness; letting the guilty
and the wicked go unpuished, because of their money;
and moreover, to be held in office at the head of govern-
ment, to rule and do according to their wills, that they
might get gain andglory of the world; and moreover
that they might the more easy commit adultery, and
steal, and kill, -and do according to their own wills.
Now this great iniquity had come upon the Nephites,
in the space of not: many years; and when Nephi saw
it, his heart was swollen with sorrow within his breast:
and he did exclaim in the agony of his soul,-O that!
could have had my days, in the days'when my father
Nephi first came out of the Jand of Jerusalem, tht!
eould have joyed with him in the promised land: thea
were his people easy to be entreated, firm to keep the
commandments of God, and slow to be led to do inl
quity;. and they were quick to hearken unto the words
of the Lord; yea, if my days could have been in them
days, then would- my soul have shad joy in the right-
eousness of my brethren. . But behold, I am consigned
that these. are my days, and that my soul shall be
