filled with sorrow, because of this)the wickedness of
my brethren. And behold, now it came to pass that
it was upon a tower, which was in the garden of Ne-
phi, which was by the highway which led to the chief
market, which was in the city of Zarahemla; there-
fore, Nephi had bowed himself upon the tower which
was in his garden, which tower was also’ near unto
the garden gate which Jed by the highway.

And it came, to-pass that there were certain men
passing by, and saw Nephi as he was pouring out his
soul unto God upon the tower, and they ran and told
the people what they had seen, and the people came
together in multitudes that they might know the
cause of so great niourning for the wickedness. of
the people. And now when Nephi arose he beheld
the multitudes of people who had gathered togeth-
er. And it came. to pass that he opened bis mouth
and said unto them, behold, why have ye gathered
yourselves together?. That I may tell you of your
iniquities? Yea, because I haye. got upon my tower,
that  might pour out my soul unto my God, be-
cause of the exceeding sorrow of. my heart, which is
because of your iniquities? And because of my mourn-
ing and lamentation, ye have gathered yourselves to-
gether, and do ene yea, and ye have great need
to marvel; yea, ye had ought to marvel,.because ye
are given away, that the devil has got so great hold
upon your hearts; yea, how could ye have given away
to the enticing of him who is seeking to hurl away
your souls down to everlasting misery and endless wo?
O repent ye, repent ye! why will ye die? Turn ye,
turn ye, unto.the Lord your God. Why has-he for-
saken you? It is because you have hardened your
hearts; yea, ye will nat hearken unto the voice of the
good shepherd; yea, ye have provoked him to anger
against you. And behold, instead of gathering you; ;
except ye will repent, behold he shall scatter you forth
that ye shall become meat for dogs and wild beasts.

how could you have forgotten your God in the very”
day that'he has delivered you? But bebold; it is to
get gain, to be praised of men: yea, and that ye might
get gold and silver. And ye have set your hearts upon
the riches and.the- vain things of this. world, for the
which ye do:murdery and plunder, and steal; and bear
false witness against your neighbor, and.do:all:manner
of iniquity ; ind for thiscause wo shall come-untoiyou
except ye shall-repent. For if -ye: will not:repenty: be-

Sulit
