hold this’ greatcity; and’ also all those - great cities
whichare round about, which are in the land of our
possession, shall be taken away; that ye shall have no
place in them, for behold, the-Lord will not frant unto
you'strength, as he hes hitherto done,to.withstand
against your enemies. For behold, thus. saith- the
Lord, I will not shew unto the wicked ofmy strength,
to one more.than the other, save it be unto those who
repent of their-sins; and hearken unto'my words;
now therefore would that ye-should behold, my:breth-
ren, that it shall be better for the Lamanites than for
you; except ye shall: repent; \for behold they are more
righteous than you; for they have mot sinned against
that:great knowledge which ye have received: there-
fore the Lord will be mereifal unto them: yea, he will
lengthen out their days and increase their seed, even
when thou shalt be utierly destroyed, except thou shalt
repent; yea, wo be unto you because of. that great
abomination which has come among you;and ye bave
united yourselves: unto it, yea, to that secret. band
which’ was -established by Gadianton;. yea, wo shalt
come unto you -because-of that pride which ye have
suffered to enter-your heaits, which has lifted you up
beyond that whichis’ good because of your exceeding
great riches; ya, wo be: unto because’ of your wicked-
ness and: abominations. .And except ye repent, ye
shall perish; yea, even your lands shall be taken from
you, and ye:shall be: destroyed from off the face of the
earth. Beholdnow Tdonot say that these things shall
be, of myself, because it.is not of myself. that J -know
these things; but behold; I know that these things are
true, because the Lord God has. made. them known
unto me;.therefore I testify that they shall be. z
_ And now it-eame to pass that when Nephi had. said
these words, behold there were men who: were judges,
who also belonged to. the secret. band of Gadianton,
and they were angry; and theycried out against him,
saying unto the people, why do ye not seize upon this
man and bring him. forth, that he may be condemned
according to the crime which he has done? Why seest
this man, -and hearest: him revile against this: people,
and against our law? For behold, Nephi'had' spoken
unto thein concerning: the corruptness of their law;
yea; many’ thingsdid Nephi: speak which cannot be
written; and nothing:did:- he speak which was:contrary
Soxthe: commandments of God:’ And: those jadges
were angry withhinr because hespake plain unto them
