concerning their’ secret works of darkness; neverthe-
less they durst not'lay their,own hands upon him; for
they feared'the people; lest: they-should ery out against
them; therefore they did ery-unto the people, saying,
why do ye suffer this man to revile dgainst us?  For
behold, he doth condemn all this people, even unto
destruction: yea, and also that these our great cities
shall be taken from us, that we shall have no place dn
them,’ And now’ we know that this is impossible;-for
behold we are powerful; and our cities great; therefore
our enshies Can have no power over us. And it came
to pass that thus they did stir up the people fo anger
against Nephi, and’raised contentions among them;
for there were some-who did cry out, Jeb this-man
alone; for he isa.good man, and those things which
he saith will surely come to pass exeeptwe repent;
yea, behold all the judgments willcome upanus which
e hastestified unto us; tor we Know: that he has: tes-
tified aright unto us concerning our iniquities. And
behold they are - many; and he knoweth as well all
things which shall befal us as he knoweth of out ini-
quities; yea, and behold if he had'not been-a prophet
he cotild not’ have testified concerning’ those things.
And it came to pass that those people who sought to
destroy Nephi, were compelled because of their fear,
that they did not lay their hands on him. 'Pherefore
he began again to speak unto them, seeing that he had
gained favor'in the eyes of some; insomuch that the
remainder of them did fear. Therefore he was con-
strained to speak more unto them, saying, behold my
brethren, have ye not read that God gave power unto
one man, even Mosat to smite upon the waters of the
Red Sea, and.they parted hither and thither, insomuch
that the Israelites, who were our fathers, came through
upon dry’ground,-and the-waters closed upon the ar-
mies of the Egyptians, and swallowed’them up? ~
And now behold, if God, gaye unto this man such
power, then why should ye dispute among yourselves,
andsay that he hath given unto me no power whete-.
by I may know concerning the judgments that shall
come upon. you except’ ye repent? But behold,. ye not
only deny my words, but ye also deny all the words
which hath been spoken by our fathers, and’ also the
Words which wereispoken by this man, Moses;who
had atieh gteat power given unto him;. yea, the words
whichhe hath spoken’ concernmg'the coming: of: the 
Megsiah: Yea, did: he not bear'record, thatthe Son

cee
