judgment seat; and behold, to their astonishment,
they saw those five men who had fallen to.the earth,
And now behold, the people knew nothing concerning
tae multitude who bad gathered together at the gar-
den of Nephi; therefore they said among themselves,
these men are they who liave murdered the judge,
and God has smitten: them that they could not flee
from us.,  oo .

And it came to pass that, they Iaid hold on’ them,
and bound them, and east them-into prison. And.
there was a proclamation sent-abroad. that. the judge
was slain, and that the murderers had been taken, and
were cast into prison. And it came to, pass that. on
the morrow, the people did assemble themselves..to-
gether to mourn andto fast, at ihe burial of the great
chief judge, who had been slain.. And thus were also
those judges who. were at the garden of Nephi, and
heard his words, were also gathered together at the
burial. o tnt,

And it.came to pass that they inquired among. the
people, saying, where.are the: five who. were sent to,
inquire concerning the chief judge whether he was
dead? . And they answered and said, concerning this
five whoin ye say ye have: sent, jwe know not; but
there are five, who.are the murderers, whom we have
cast into.prison. And it came to pags that the judges
desired that they should be brought; and they <were
brought, and behold they were the five who were sent}
and beho}d the judges inquired of them to. know con+
earning the matter, and they told hem all. that they
had done, saying, we ran and came tothe place of the

judgment, and when we saw all things, even as Nephi

had testified, we were astonished, insomuch: that we
fell to the earth; and, when. we. were recovered fiom
our astonishment, behold they cast us into prison.
Now as for the murder,of this man,, we know not who
has done jit, and ouly this much we Know, we ran and
came according as ye desired, and behold he was dead
according.to the words of Nephi. he cht, ei

 And now it came to pass, that. the judges did.ex-
pound the matter unto the people, and did cry out
against Nephi, saying, behold we know that this Ne-
nee must have agreed with.some one to slay the judge,

_ and then he might declare it unto us, that he might

as

convert us.unto his faith, that he might raise himself

to be a great man, chosen of God, and a brophots.an
now behold we will detect this man, and.he shall.con-
