done; for I haye beheld how thou hast with unweary-
ingoess declared the word which I Haye given unto
thee, unto this people. And thou shast not feared
them, and hast not sought thine own life, but have
sought my will, and to keep my commandments. And
now because thou hast done this with such unweary-
ingness, behold, I will bless thee forever; and I will
make thee mighty in word and in deed, in faith and
in works; yea, even that all things shall be done unto
thee according to thy word, for thou shall not ask that
which is contrary to my. will. Behold, thou art Ne-
phi, and.lam God. Behold, I declare it unto thee
inthe presence of mine angels, that ye shall have
power over this people, and shall smite the earth with
famine, and with pestilence, and destruction, accord-
ing to the wickedness of this people. Behold, I give
unto you power, that whatsoever ye shall seal on
earth, shall be sealed in heaven; and whatsoever ye
shall loose on earth, shall be loosed in heaven; and
thus shall ye have power among this peoples And
thus, if ye shall say unto this temple, it shall be rent
in twain, it shall be done. © And if ye shall say
unto this mountain, be thou cast down and become
smooth, it shall be done. And behold, if ye shall
say, that God shall smite this people, it shall come to
pass. And now behold, I command you that ye shall
g and declare unto this people, that thus saith the

ord God, who is the Almighty, except ye repent, ye
shall be smitten, even unto destruction.

And behold, now it came to pass that when the
Lord had spoken these words unto Nephi, he did stop,
and did not go unto his own house, but did return un-
to the. multitudes who were scattered about upon the
face of the land, and began to declare unto them the
word of the Lord, which had been spoken unto. him
soncerning their destruction, if they did not repent.
Now behold, notwithstanding that great miracle which
Nephi had done in telling them concerning the death
of the chief judge, they did harden their hearts, and
did not hearken unto the words of the Lord; therefore
Nephi did declare unto them the word of the Lord, 
saying, extept ye repent, thus saith the Lord, ye shall
be. smitten even unto destruction. And it .came to
pass. that. when Nepht had, declared unto them the
word, behold, they did still harden their hearts, and
would not hearken, unto, his, words; therefore they did
revile against him, and.did seek to lay their, hands
