upon him, that they might cast him into prison. But
behold, the power of God was with him, and they
could not take him to cast him intoprison, for he
was taken by the spirit, and conveyed away out of
the midst of them. 4

And it came topass that thus he did’ go forth in the
spirit, from multitude to multitude, declaring the word
of God, even until he had declared it unto them all, or
sent it forth among all the people.” And it came to
pass that they would not hearken unto his words;
and there began to be contentions, insomuch that they
were divided against themselves, and began to slay
one another with the sword. And thus ended the
seventy and first year of the reign of the judges over
the people of Nephi. .

. a
CHAPTER IV. 

Anp now it came to. pass in the seventy and second
year of the reign of the judges, that the contentions did
increase, insomuch that there were wars throughout
all the land among all the people of Nephi. And it
was this secret band of robbers who did carry on this
work of destruction and wickedness. And this war
did last all that year. And in the seventy and third
year it did also last. .

And it came to pass that inthis year, Nephi did
ery unto the Lord, saying, O Lord do not suffer that
this people shall be destroyed by the sword; but O
Lord, rather let there be a famine in the land, to stir
them up in’remembrance of the Lord their God, and
perhaps they will repent and turn unto’ thee; and so
it was done, according to the words of Nephi.’ And
there was a great famine upon the land, among all the
people of Nephi. And thus, in theseventy and fourth
year, the famine did continue, and the work of des
truction'did cease bythe sword, but became sore by
famine. And this work-of destruction did also contin-
ue in the seventy and fifth year, For the earth’ was
smitten that it was dry, and did not yield forth grain
in the season of grain} and the whole earth was:-smit-
_ ten, even’among the Laminites dswell’ as aniong the

Nephites,  a0’ thet they were: #inittenh that they did

2
