out all the secret plans of Gadianton; and thus they
became robbers of Gadianton. Now behold, these
robbers did make great. havoc,.yea; even great destruc-
traction among the people of Nephi, and also among
the people of the Lamanites.  .
And, it ame to pass that it was expedient that there
should. be.a stop put to this work of destruction; there-
fore they sent an-army of strong men into the wilder-
ness, and upon the mountains to search out this band
of robbers, and to destroy them. But behold, it came
to pass that in that same year, they were driven back
even into their own lands.. And thus ended the eight-
ieth year of the reign of the judges over the people of
Nephi.    :
And it came to pass in the commencement of the
eighty and first year, they did go forth again against
this band of robers, and did destroy many; and they
were also visited with much destruction; dnd they
were again obliged to return out of the wilderness,
and out of the mountains, unto their own lands, be-
cause of the exceeding greatness of the numbers of
those robbers who infested the mountains and the
wilderness: . And it came to pass that thus ended
this year. And the robbers did still increase and wax .
strong, insomuch that they did defy the whole armies
of the Nephites, and also of the Lamanites; and the
did cause great fear to come unto the people, upon
the face of the land; yea, for they did visit many
parts of the land, and did do great destruction unto
them; yea, did kill many, and did carry away others
captive into the wilderness; yea, and more especially
their womenand their children. Now this great evil,
which came-unto the people because of their iniquity
did, stir them up again in remembrance of the Lord
their God. And thus ended the eighty and first year
of the reign of the judges. And in the eighty and see:
ond year, they began again to forget the Lord their
God. And-in the eighty and third year, they began
to wax strong in iniquity. And in the eighty and
fourth year, they did not mend their ways. And it
came to pass-in the eighty and fifth year, they did
Wax stronger and stronger in their pride, and in their
Wickedness; and thus they were ripening again for
destruction. And thus ended the eighty and - fifth
year, And thus we can behold how false, and also
the unsteadiness of the hearts of the children of. men;
yea, we can see that the Lord in his: great infinite
