CHAPTER. V.
THE PROPHECY OF SAMUEL, THE
LAMANITE, TO THE NEPHITES. ;

AND now it came {o passin the eighty and sixth
year, the Nephites did still remain in wickedness, yea,
Im great wickedness, while the Lamanites did observe
strictly to keep the commandments of God, according
to the law of Moses. And it came to pass that in this
year, there was one Samuel, a Lamanite, came into
the land of Garahemla, and bee to, preach unto the 
people. And it came to pass-that he did preach many 
days, repentance unto the people, and they did cast 
him.out, and he was about to return to-his own land,
But behold, the voice of the Lord came unto him,
that he should return again, and proyhesy. unto the
people whatsoever things should come into his heart.

And it came to pass that they would not suffer that
he should enter into the city; therefore he went and
got upon the .wall thereof, and stretched forth his
hand and cried with a loud voice, and prophesied unto
the people, whatsoever things the Lord put into his
heart; and he -said unto them, behold, I, Samuel, a
Lamanite, do speak the words of the Lord which he
doth put into my heart; and:behold he hath put it in-
to my heart to sayunto this people, that the sword of
justice hangeth over this people; and four hundred
years passeth not away save the sword of justice fall-
eth upen this people; yea, heavy destruction awaiteth
this people, and it surely cometh unto this people, and
nothing can save this people, save it be repentance
_ and faith on the Lord Jesus Christ, who surely shall
come into the world, aid shall suffer many things, and
shall be slain for his people. And behold, an angel of
the Lord hath declared it unto me, and he did bring
glad tidings to my soul. And behold, [ was sent unto .
you to declare it unto you also, that ye might have 
glad tidings; but behold ye would not receive me, 
therefore thug saith.the Lord, because of the hardness
ofthe hearts of the people of the Nephites, except they
repent I will take away my word, from them, and I
will withdraw my spirit from them, and I will suffer
them no longer, and I will turn the hearts of their
brethren against them; and four hundred. years shall
not pass away, before I will cauge that they shall be
