silver, and ye will clothe him with costly apparel; and
because he speaketh flattering words unto you, and he
saith that allis ,well, then ye will not find. fault
with him. O ye wicked and ye perverse generation;
ye hardened and ye stiffnecked people, how long will
esuppose that the Lord will suffer you: yea, how
ong will ye suffer yourselves to beled by foolish and
blind guides; yea, how long will ye choose darkness
rather than light; yea, behold the anger of the Lord is:

already kindled against you; behold, he hath cursed

the land, because of your iniquity; and behold, the
time cometh that he curseth your riches, that it be-
cometh slippery, that ye cannot hold them; and inthe
days of your poverty ye cannot retain them; and in
the days of your. poverty, ye shall cry unto the Lord;
and in vain shall ye cry, for your desolation is already
come upon you, and your destruction is made sure;
and then shall ye weep and howl in that day, saith
the Lord of Hosts. And then shall ye lament, and
say; O that I had repented, and had not’killed the
prophets, and stoned them, and cast them out; yea,
in that day ye shall say, O that we had remembered
the Lord our God, in the day that he gave us our
tiches, and then they would not have become:slippery,
that we should lose them; for behold, our riches are
gone from us. Behold, we lay a tool here, and on the
morrowit ig gone; arid behold,. our swords are taken
from us in the day we have sought them for battle..
Yea, we have hid up our treasures, and they have slip-
ped away from us, because of the curse of the land..

 O'that we had repented in the day that the word of

the Lord came unto us; for behold the land is eursed,
andall things are become slippery, and we camnot hold
them. Behold we are surrounded by demons; yea, we
are encircled about by the angels of him who hath
sought’ to destroy our souls. Behold, our iniquities._
are great. Q Lord, canst thou not turn away thine
anger from us? And this shall be your language in
those-days, But behold, your days of probation are
pest; ye have procrastinated the day of your salvation,
until it is everlastingly too late, and your destruction
ls made'sure; yea, for ye have’ sought all the days of
re lives for that which ye'could not obtain; and ye
ve sought for happiness in doing iniquity, which
thin 18 contrary to the nature of that righteousness
bs 48m our great and Eternal Head. O ye people
the land, that ye would hear my words. And I pray
