remember atthe time.of their ecgung thet they, had
been made known unto them beforehand, to.the in-
tent that they might believe; therefore as many as-be-
lieved.on the words of Samuel, went forth. unto him
to be baptized, for they came. repenting,and confessing

  

their sins... But the more part of them did not believe
in the words of Samuel;, therefore when theysaw that
they could not.hit him with their stones and- their ar-
rows, they cried-out unto. their. captains, saying, take
this fellow. and bind him, for behold, he bath a devil;
and because of the power ofthe.devil-which. is in him,
we-cannot hit him with our stones)and.our arrows;
therefore take him.and bind him, and away with him.
And as they went forth to lay their hands.on him,,be-
hold, he did cast himself down. from.the. wall, and did
flee out of their-lands, yea, even unto his own country,
and began to preach and to prophesy among his own
people. And behold, .he .was never heard.. of -more
among the Nephites; and thus were the affairs of.the
people. And thus ended the eighty and sixth year of
the reign ofthe judges ovyer'the people of Nephi. And
thus ended, also, the eighty and seventh: year of the
reign of the judges, the more part of the people .remain-
ing in their pride and wickedness;.and.the lesser part
walking more circumspectly, before God... And
Were the conditions also, in the eighty and eighth year
of the reign of the judges. -And there was but little
alteration.in the affairs of the people; save it were the
people began:to. be. more hardened in iniquity, and do
more and more of that which was.contrary to the com-
mandments of,God, in the eighty and ninth. year of
the reign: of the judges. He sah i: sat
Bat it came: to: pass in the. ninetieth -year-of. the
reign’ of the: judges, there: were great signs given unte
the: people, and: wonders; and the words of the pro-
phets began to be fulfilled; and angels did appent unto
meh, wise men, and did declare unto them glad tidings
of great:joy; thus in this year the scriptures began to
befulfilled, Nevertheless, the people began to harden
their hearts, all save it were’ the most lieving part
of them, both of the Nephites, ard also of the Laman-
ites, and began to depend upon their own strength, and
upon their own wisdom, saying, some things they may
ve guessed right, among so many; but behold, we
ow that all these great and marvelous works cannot
come to pass, of which has been spoken. And they
egan to reason.and to contend among. themselves,

 
