and that day, which shall be as one day, as if there
were no night, that they might know that their faith
had not been vain. /

Now it came to pass that there was a day set apart
by the unbelievers, that all those who believed in those
traditions should be put to death, except the sign
should'come to pass which had been given by Samuel
the prophet. Now it came to pass that when Nephi,
the son of Nephi, saw this wickedness of his people,
his heart was exceeding sorrowful. And it came to
pass that he went out and bowed himself down upon
the.earth, and cried mightily to his God, in behalf of
his people; yea, those who were about to be destroyed
because of their faith in the tradition of their fathers.
And it came to, pass that he cried mightily unto the
Lord, all the day: and behold, the voice of the Lord
came unto him, saying, lift up your head and be of
good cheer, for behold, the time is at hand,.and on this
night shall the sign be given, and on the morrow come
I into the world, to shew .unto the world that I will
fulfil all that which I have caused to. be spoken by the
mouth of my holy prophets. - Behold, [ come unto my
own, -to fulfil all things which I have made known unto
the children. of men, trom the foundation ofthe world,
and do the will, both of the Father, and of. the Son of
the Father, because of ine, and of the Son, because of
my flesh, And. behold, the time. is: at hand, and this
night shall the sign be given. ety veh
And it came to pass that the words which came unto
Nephi were fulfilled;-according as they had been spok-
en: for behold at the going down of the sun, there was
no darkness; and the people began to be astonished,
because there was no darknesswhen.the night came.
And there were many who had not believed the words
of the. prophets, fell to the earth, and became as:if they
were dead, for they knew that: the great ea of de-
struction which they had laid- for those who believed
in the word of the prophets, had been. frustrated, for
the signal which had been given was already. at hand;
and they: began to know’ that the Son of God must
shortly appear; yea, in fine, all the people upon the
face of the whole.earth, from the west to the east
both in the. land_north-and.in the.land south, were 80
exceedingly astonished, that Shey fell to.the earth; for
they knew that. the prophets had testified: of: shen
things for many, years, and that the: sign wwhich he
