been given; wag already at hand; and they began to
fear Secshea of their iniquity and their unbelief.

And it/came to pass that there was no darkness in.
all that night, but it was as light as though it was
mid-day. And it came to-pass that the sun did rise
inthe morning again, aceording to its proper order;
and they knew-that it was the day that the Lord should
be born, because of the sign which had been given.
. And it had come:to pass, yea, all things, every whit,
aceording to the words of the prophets. And it came
to puss also, that a new star did appear, according to
the word. And. it came to pass that from this time
forth, there began to be lyings sent forth among the
people, by satan, to harden their hearts, to the intent
that they m ght not believe in those signs and wonders
which they had seen; but notwitstandmg these lyings
anddeceivings, the more part of the people did believe;
and Were converted unto. the Lord. And:it came:to
pass that Nephi went forth among the people, and also
many others, baptizing unto repentance, in the which,
there were a great remission of sins. And thus the
people began again to have peace in the land; and
thete were no contentions, save it were a few that be-
gan to preach, endeavoring to prove by the scriptures,
that it was no more expedient to observe the law of
Moses: - Now: in-this thing they did err, having not an-
derstood the scriptures. But it came to pass that they
soon became converted, and were convinced of the error
which they were in, for it was made known unto them
thatthe law.was not yet fulfilled and that it must be
fulfilled in every whit: yea, the word came unto them
that it must be. fulfilled; yea, that one jot nor title
should: not-pass atway, till it should all be. fulfilled;
thereforein this same year, were they brought toa
koowledge of their error, and did confess their faulte.
And thas the ninety and: second year did pass areyy
bringing glad-tiding unto the people because. of
a. which-did come. to pass, according to the words

ithe prophecy ofall the holy prophets.

And if: cama to pass that the ninety and third Pac
ad-

did also. pass'away in peace, save it were for the

anton robbers, who: dwelt-upon the mountains, who
did infest the land; for so strong-were their holds and
their secret places; \that the people could’not overpow-
er) them; therefore. they did commit. many. murders;
and did dormuch slaughter among the people. And
ieame:to’ pass that ihy the ninety and fourth year,
