they began.to increase in.a great degree,. because there
were many dissenters of the Nephites who did flee unto:
them, which did cause. much. sorrow unto-those:-Ne-
phites who did remain in the Jand; and there was also
a cause of. much sorrow among the Lamanites: for be-:
hold, they had many children who.did grow.up and be-
gan to wax strong in years, that they became for them:
selves, and were led away by some.who were Zoram-
ites, by their lyings and their flattering words; to join
those Gadianton :robbers; and. thus were the Laman-
ites afflicted also, and began to decrease as to their
faith and righteousness, .because,of the wickedness of
the rising generation. .. -,  : :
And it came to pass that thus passed away the nine.
ty and fifth year_also, and the people began to forget
ces signs and wonders which they had heard, and
began tobe less and less, astonished ata- sign ora
wonder from heaven, insomuch that they began to be
hard in their harts, and blind in their minds, and began
to disbelieve all which. they had heard and seen, ima-
gining up some vain thing in their hearts, that it.was’
wrought .by: men, and by the power of the. devil; to:
lead away.and deceive the hearts-of the people; and
thus did satan get possession of the hearts of the pec-
ple again, insomuch that he did blind their eyes, and
lead them away to believe that the doctrine:of Christ
was afoolish and a-vain thing. =... ; ;
And it came:to pass that the people. began to wax
strong. in wickedness and abominations; and they did
not believe that there should be any more. signs of
wonders-given; and satan didgo abouty leading away
@ the:hearts of the people,- tempting. them and causing
them that a should do-great wickedness in. the land.
And thus did: pass away: the 1 Z
and.also. the ninety and seventh- yet
 ninety and eighth. year; and. also: the -ninety and
: ninth.,year; and also] an hundred years. had- passed
- away, since the days of Mosiah, who was king over
the people of. the Nephites. . And® six .hundred and
nine yeats had passsed. away, since Lehi.left. Jerusa-
lem; and nine-years had passed away, fromthe time
when, the.sign; was given, which was spoken of by the
paphete; that Christ-should come.into, the world:
ow: the Nepbites began to reckon their time from this
period when. tle sign was. given, orfrom the comin
of Christ; therefore, nine. years had peer at
Nephi, who was the father of Nephi,.who hadthe

, a,
oi gee  5 aol

 

      
  
