charge of the records, did: not return to the land of
Serbia; end: ongle nowhere be found in all the
lands 2/ Sees! ane eee yi . ii
And it came to-pass that the people did still remain
in wickedness, notwithstanding the much preaching
and prophesying which was sent among them; and
thus passed away the tenth year also; and the elev-
enth year also passed away in iniquity. And it came
to in. the thirteenth year, there began to be wars
on) wnieatiion throughout all the land: for the Gad-
ianton robbers had become so numerous. and did slay
somany of the people, and did lay wasteso many cities,
and did spread go much death and carnage throughout
the land, that it beeame expedient that all the people, .
both the Nephites, and the Lamanites, should take-up
arms against them; therefore all the Lamanites who.
had become converted unto the Lord, did unite with
their brethren, the Nephites, and were compelled, for
the safety of their lives, and their women and their
children, to take up arms against those Gadianton
robbers; yea, and also to maintain their rights, and
their privileges of their church, and of their worship,
and their freedom, and their liberty: And it came to
pass that before this thirteenth year had passed away,
the Nephites were threatened with utter destruction,
because of this war, which had become exceetling sore.
And it came to pass that those Lamanites who had
united with the Nephites; were numbered among the.
Nephites: and their curse was taken from them, and
their skin became white like unto the Nephites;. and
their young men and their daughters became exceeding
fair, and they were riutmbered among the Nephitea,
and were called Nephites, And thus ended the thir- .
teenth year, : mS
And it came to pass in the commencement of the”
fourteenth year, the war between the robbers and the
people of Nephi did.continue, and did become exceed-.
ing sore; nevertheless, the people of Nephi did gain .
some advantage of the robbers insomuch that they did -

drive them back out-of their lands into the mountains,

and into their seeret: places. And thus ended the
fourteenth year. And. in the fifteenth year they did

   

come forth against the people of Nephi; and because
of. the wickedness of the , people of Nene tad their 
many contentions-and dissensions, the Gadjanton rob-
bere did: gain many advantages over them. And thus

 
