of all your,iniquities, and cry unto the Lord, that they
would inno wise be delivered out of the hands of those
Gadianton robbers. And so greatand marvelous were

_ the words and prophecies of Lachoneus, that they did
cause fear to come upon all the people, and they did
exert themselves in their might, to doaccording to the
words of Lachoneus.

And it came to pass that Lachoneus did appoint
chief captains over all the armies of the Nephites, to
command them at the time that the robbers should

~ come down out of the wilderness against them. Now
the chiefest amongall the captains, and the great com-
mander of all the armies of the Nephites, was-appoint-
ed, and hisname was Gidgiddoni. Now it was the
custom among all the Nephites, to appoint for their
chief captains, save it were in their times of wicked-
ness, some one that had the spirit of revelation, and
also prophecy; therefore this Gidgiddoni. was a great
prophet among them, and also. was the chief jud
Now the people said unto Gidgiddoni, pray unto t
Lord, and let us go up upon the mountains, and into
the wilderness, that we may fall upon the robbers and
destroy them, in their own lands, But Gidgiddoni
saith unto them, the Lord forbid; for if we should go
up against them, the Lord would deliver us into their
hands; therefore we will prepare ourselyes in the cen-
tre of our lands, and we will gather all our armies to-
gether, and we will not. go against them, but we will
wait till they shall come against us; therefore as the
Lord liveth, if we do this, he will deliver them into
our hands. And it came:to pass in the seventeenth
year, in the latter end.of the year, the proclamation
of Lachoneus had gone forth throughout all the face
of the land, and they had taken. their horses, and their
chariots,.and their eattle, and all their flocks, and their
herds, and their grain, and all their substance, and did
march forth by thousands; and by tens of thousands,
until they had all:gone forth to the place which had
been appointed, that they should gather themselves
together, to defend themselves. against their enemies.

And the land which was appointed was the land of
Zarahemla a

id’ the Jand. Bountiful: am to. the line
whieh .was between the land Bountiful and the land
Desolation; and there were a great many thousand
people who were, called. Nephites,. who did gather
themselves together inthis land... Now Lachoneus did:
eause that they should: gather. themselves together ia

     
  

 
  
