mies of the Nephites, bothin' their front’and: in theis
rear. And the robbers who were on the south, were
also cut off in their places of retreat. And all these
things were done by command of Gidgiddoni. And
there were many thousands who did yield themselves
ap prisoners unto the Nephites; and the remainder of
them were slain; and their leader, Zemnarihah, wag
taken, and hanged upon a tree, yea, even upon the
top thereof, until he was dead... And when they had
hanged him until he was dead, they did fall the tree to
the earth, and did ery with a loud voice, saying, may
the Lord preserve his people in righteousness and in
holiness of heart, that they may cause to be fell to the
earth all who shall seek to slay them because of pow.
er and secret combipations, even as this man hath
been fell to the earth. And they did rejuice and cry
egain with one voice, saying, may the God of Abra-
ham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, pro-
tect this people in righteousness, so long as they shall
call.on the name of their God for protection. And it
came to pass that they did break forth, all as one, in
singing and praising their God, for the great thing
which he had done for then, in preserving them from
falling into the hands of their enemies: yea, they did
ery, hosanna to the Most High God; and they did
ery blessed be the name of the Lord God Almighty,
the Most High God. And their hearts were swollen
with joy, unto the gushing out of may tears, because
of the great goodness of God in delivering them out
of the hands of their enemies; and they knew it was
because of their repentance and their humility that
they had been delivered from an everlasting destruc-
tion, And-now behold there was not a living soul
among all the people of the Nephites, who did doubt
in the least the words of all the holy prophets who
had spoken; for they knew that it must needs be that
they must be fulfilled: and they knew that it must be
expedient that Christ had come, because of the many
signs which had been given, according to. the words of
the prophets, and because of the things which had
come to pass already, they knew that it must needs be
that all things should come to pass according to that
which had been spoken; therefore they did forsake all
their: sins, and their abominations, and their whore
os, and did serve God with all diligence day and
Digi t.  , - $M a fe bene
