which have.been given by those who . were, before me,
until the..commencement of my.day; and.then I do
make.a record of the.things .which.I have seen with
mine own eyes. AndJ know the record, which. {
make to be a just.and a irue record;. nevertheless
there are many things. which, according .to our. lan.
guage, we are not,able to write. And now I make an
end of my saying which is of myself, and proceed to
give my account of the things which have been before
me. . 1 am.Mormon, and. a pure:descendant of Lehi..
I have reason to bless my God,and my Savior Jesus
Christ, that he brought.our fathers out of the land of
Jerusalem, (and no one knew it.save it were himself
and those whoin he brought out of that land,) and that
he hath given me and my people so much knowledge
unto the salvation of our souls. Surely he bath bles-
sed the house of Jacob, and hath been merciful unto
the seed of Joseph. And insomuch as the children of.
. Lehi have kept his commandments, he hath blessed
them and prospered them according to his word; yea,
and surely shall he again bring a remnant. of the seed
of..Joseph to. the knowledge of the Lord. their God;
and as surely as the Lord liveth will he gatherin from
the four quarters of the earth, all the remnant of the
seed of Jacob, who are scattered abroad upon all the
face of the earth; and as he hath covenanted with all
the house of Jacob, even so shall the covenant where:
with he hath covenanted with the house of Jacob, be
fulfilled.in his own due time, unto the restoring all the
house of Jacob unto the knowledge of the covenant
that he hath covenanted wilh them; and then shall
they know their Redeemer, ,who is Jesus Christ, the
Son of God; and then shall they be gathered in from
the four quarters.of the earth, unto their own lands,
from whence they have been dispersed; yea, as the
Lord liveth, so shall it be, Amen.

CHAPTER III.

_ Ann now, it came to pass that the people of the Ne-
phites did allreturn to their own lands, in the twenty
and sixth. year, every man, with his family, his flocks
and his herds, hie horses and his.cattle,and all things
