those who;murdered'the prophets. And they did cause
a great contention in the Jand, insomuch thatthe: more
righteous part of the people, although they had nearly
all become wicked; yea, there were but: few righteous
men among them. And thus six years had. not passed
away, since the more part of the people had turned
from their righteousness, like the dog tu his vomit, or
like the sow to her wallowing in the mire. Now this
secret combination which had brought so great ini-
quity upon the people,-did gather themselves together,
and did place at their head a man whom they did call
Jacob; and they did m their king; therefore he
became a king over this wicked band; and he was one
of the chiefest who had. given his voice against the
prophets who testified of Jesus. And it came to pass
that they were not so strong in number as the-tribes
of the people who were united together, save it were
their leaders did establish their laws, every one accor-
ding to his tribe; nevertheless they were enemies, not-
withstanding they were not a righteous people; yet
they were united in the hatred: of those who had en-
tered into a covenant to destroy the government;
therefore Jacob seeing that their enemies were more
numerous than they, he being the king of the band,
therefore he commanded his people that they should
take their flight into the northernmost part of the land;
and'there build up unto themselves a kingdom, until
they were joined by dissenters, (for he flattered them
that there would be many dissenters,) and’ they’ be-
come sufficiently strong to contend with the tribes of
the people. And they did'so; and so speedy was theit
march, that it could not. be impeded, until they had
gone forth out of the reach of the people. And thas
ended the thirtieth year: and thus were the affairs of
the people of Nephi. a !
And it came to pass in the thirty and first-year, that
they were divided into’tribes; every man according to
his family, kindred:and friends; nevertheless tliey had
come to an agreement that'they would.not go to wat
one with anothers’ but they were not united ato their
laws, and their manner of government; for they were
established according to the minds of: thosewho-were
their chiefs and their leadersi But they didestablish
very strict laws that ono tribe should. not trespass
against another; insomucli that in some’ degree they
had’ peace in the land; nevertheless, their hearts were
turned from the Lord their: God) and they did stone

    
