plesody in. hom I haye glorified my name, hear ye
x 7

And: it came. to pass.as they understood, they cast

their-eyes up again towards heaven; and behold, they
saw mana descending out of heaven; and he was cloth-
edin.a white robe, and:he came down and stood in the
midst of them, and the eyes of the whole multitude
were turned upon him, and. they-durst not open: their
mouths,.even. one to. another, and wist not what it
meant; for they thought it was an angel that had ap~
unto them, ,

And it.came to pass, that he stretched forth his hand,
and spake unto the people, saying; behold I am Jesus
Christ, of whom the prophets testified shall come into.
the world; and behold I. am the light and the life of
the world,,and I have drunk out of that bitter cup
which the: Father hath given me, and have glorified
the Father in:taking upon me the sins of the world, in
the which I have suffered the will of the Father in all

ings, from the beginning.

And it.came to pass that when Jesus had spoken
these. words, the whole multitude fell to the earth, for
they remembered that it had been prophesied among
them that Christ should shew himself unto. them, after
his ascension into heaven...

s-And. it came to pass that the Lord spake unto them
saying, arise and come forth unto me, that ye may 
thrust your hands into my side, and also that ye may
feel the prints.of the nails in my hands, and in.m
feet; that ye may know that I am the God of I

nd the God of the whole earth, and have been slain

the sing.of the world. .
Andit came to pass that the multitude went forth,
and thrust their hands into his. side, and did feel. the
prints.of .the nails in his. hands and in his feet; and
they did do, going forth one by one, until they had all
gone forth, and did see with. their eyes, and did feel
With their hands, and did know of a surety, and did
bear-record, that it was he, of whom it was written by
the prophets should. come. cane
And when they had all gone forth, and had witness-
ed'for themselves, they did or out with one accord,

ing, -hosannal. blessed be the name of the Most
High:God! And. they did fall.down at the feet of
Jesus,.and did worship him... - eS
~ And it came to pags:that he spake onto, Nephisftne
Nephi:wos among the multitade,) and he,commanded
