Hiin'that e’shotld come'forths'And Nephivarose and
went forth, and bowed himeelf before the Lord, -and
he'did kiss his feet: And’ the’ Lord’ coimmarded him
that he shouldarise:’ Andhe arose and toed: before
him.’ Andthe’ Lord said unto bim;'F give-unto you
power that ye shall baptize’ this’ people, when I’am.
again ascended into’ heaven: And again’ the Lord
called others; and said unto’ them Hkewisey and he
gave wuto them power to baptize.’ And he said anto
them,’on this wise shall ye baptize: and there shullbe
no disputations among you. Verily’l say unto-you;
that whoso repenteth of his sins’through your words,
and desireth to’ be baptized in’ my. name; 'on this wise
shatl ye baptize them, behold, ye shall go down and
stand in thewater, and in my name shall ye baptize
them. And now’ behold; these arethe words which ye
shall'say, calling: them'by name, saying:  Having au-
thority given me of Jesus Christ, I baptize you in the
name of the Father, anid of the Son, and ofthe Holy
Ghost. Amen. . And then’ shall ye immerse them in
the water; and come forth’ again out: of the water.
And after this manner shall ye baptize in my name,
for behold, verily 1 sayunto you, thatthe Father, and
the Son; and the Holy Ghost are’ one; and Jam inthe
Father, and the Father in me, and the Father and I are
one. And according as I have commanded you, thus
shall ye baptize. . And there shall be’ no'disputations
among you, as.there hath’ hitherobeen; neither shall
there be disputations among you concerning the points
of my doctrine, as there hath hitherto been; for verily,
verily 1 say unto, he that hath the spirit of contention,
is not of me, but is of the devil, who is the father of
contention, and he stirreth up the hearts of: men to
contend with anger,one with another. © Behold, this
ig not my doctrine; to stir up the hearts of mien’ with
anger, one against another; but this: is’ my doctrine,
that such things should be dorie away. © Behold, verily,
verily I say wnto'you, I will declare unto-you my doc:
trine, And-this'is my doctrine; and itis thie doctrine
which the Father hath given’ unto>me; and J bear re-
_ cord’of the Father, and the Father beareth record of
me, atid the Holy Ghost beareth record of the Father
and me, and'l bear'record'that the Father eommandeth
all men, every where, to repent and’ believe in me}
and whoso believeth in me, and isbaptized, the same
shall’be saved; ahd they are they’ who’ shall inhent
the kingdoin of God.  And whosotliclieveth not im me,
