of thistles?..Even so: every good. tree: bringeth forth
fruit;-bat a corrupt tree bringeth. forth evil fruits,
good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither.a eor-
rupt tree bring forth good fruit. - Every tree that bring-
eth not forth good- fruit, is: hewn down, and.cast into
the fire. Wherefore, by their fruits ye shall know
them.
..Not-every one that.saith unto me Lord, Lord, shall
enter’ into the: kingdom of heaven; but’ he’ that-doeth
the will.of my Father who is in heaven. Many will
say to me in-thatday, Lord, Lord, have we not prophe-
sied in thy name? and in thy name have east out devilst
andin thy name done many wonderful works? And
then will [ profess unto them, I never knew you, de
part from me, ye that work iniquity. .
Therefore, whoso -heareth these sayings. of mine,
and-doeth them, I will liken him unto a wise man,
who: built his house upon a rock, and the rain descend-
ed,-and-the floods came, and the winds:-blew, and beat
upon that-house;-and it. fell not; for -it was founded
upon a rock.. And every one that heareth these say-
ings of.mine, and doeth them not, shall be likened un-
toa-foolish man, who built his. house upon the sand,
and the rain descended, and the floods came, and the
winds blew, and beat uponthat house; and it fell, and
great was the fall of it.

CHAPTER VII.

Axp now it came to pass that when Jesus had end-
ed these sayings, he cast: his eyss round about on the
multitude,’ and said-unto theni, behold, ye have heard
the things which Ihave taught before I ascended to
my Father; therefore. whoso remembereth these’ say-
4ngs-of mine, and doeth them, him will I raise up at
the last day. And it came to pass that when Jesus
had said these words, he perceived that there were
s0me among them who: marveled, and wondered what
he would concerning: the law of Moses; for they un-
derstood not the sa ing, that old: things’ had passed
away,.and that all things had become new. And he
said unto them, marvel not that I said:unto you,:that
old: things had-passed away; and thateall things had
