become new. . Bohold:I say unto you, that.the law is
fulfilled that was given unto Moses, Behold, ¥ am-he
that gave the law, andI am he who covenanted with
my people Israel: therefore, the law in me is fulfilled,
for I have come to fulfil the law; therefore, it hath an
end. Behold, I do not destroy the prophets, for as
many as have not been fulfilled in me, verily, Tsay
unto you, shall all be fulfilled. And because I gaid
unto you, that.old things hath passed away, I do not
destroy that which hath been spoken concerning things
which are tocome. For behold, the covenant which
I have made with my people, is not all fulfilled; but
the law which was given unto Moses, hath an end in
me. Behold, I am. the law, and the i look unto
me, and endure to the end, and ye shall live, for unto
him that endureth to. the end, will I give eternal life.
Behold, I have given unto you the commandments;
therefore keep my commandments, And this is the
law and the prophets, for they traly testified of me.
And now it.came to pass that when Jesus had spok-
enthese words, he said unto those twelve whom he
had chosen, \ye. are, my disciples; and. ye are'a light
unto: this people, who area remnant off the house of
Joseph. And behold, this is the land of your inherit-
ance; and the Father hath given’ it unto you,  And
not at any time hath the Father given me commane-
ment that I should tell it unto your brethren at Jeru-
rusalem; neither at’ any time hath the Father given
me commandment, that I:should tell unto them con-
cerning the other tribes of the house of Israel, whom
the Father hath led away out of the land, This mach
did the Father command: me,! that I should tell unto
them, that other sheep I have, which are not of this
fold; them also [ must bring, and they’shall hear m
voice; and there shall be one fold, and one shephe
And.now because of'stiffueckedness and unbelief, the
understood not my word; therefore'l was command
to say:no: more of the: Father concerning this thing
unto them. But, verily, I say unto you, that: the
Father hath commanded me, and I tell. it unto you,
that-ye were separated from among them because of
their iniquity;. therefore it is because of their iniquity,
,that they-know not of) you. And verily, I say: unto
you-again; that the other tribes: hath the Father sepa
rated:from them; and it).is because of’ their iniquity,
that they know: not of.them.: And verily, :I:say: unto
you,.that ye rare theyof.whom -I.said. other sheep
