manded'that ye should come unto me, that ye might’
feel and see; even so shall ye do unto the world; and
whosoever breaketh this commandment, suffereth him-
self to be led into temptation.

And now it came to pass that when Jesus had spo-
ken these words, he turned his eyes again upon the
disciples whom he had: chosen, and said unto them;
behold, verily, verily I say unto-you, I give unto you
another commandment, and then [ must go unto my
Father, that Imay fulfil other commandments which
he hath given me. And now behold, this is the com-
mandment which I give unto you, that ye shall not
suffer any one knowingly, to partake of my flesh, and
blood unworthily, when-ye shall minister it, for who-
so eateth and drinketh my flesh and blood unworthily,
eateth and'drinketh dammation to his soul; therefore
if ye know that a man is unworthy to eat and drink of
my flesh and blood, ye-shall forbid him; nevertheless:
ye shall not cast him out from among you, but ye shall
minister unto him, and shall pray for. him unto the
Father, in'my name, and if it so-be that he repenteth,
and ishaptized'in my name, then shall ye receive him,
and shall minister unto him of my flesh and blood; bat
ifhe repent not, he'shall not bemumbered among: my
people, that he may not. destry: my people, for behold

know my sheep, and they are numbered; neverthe-
less ye shall not cast him out of your s agogues, of
your places of worship, for unto such shall ye contin
ue to minister; for ye know not but what they will re-
tum and repent, and ome unto me with full purpose
of heart, and I shall heal them, and ye shall be the
means of bringing salvation unto them. Therefore
keep these sayings which I have commanded you, that’
ye come not under condemnation, for wo unto him
whom the Father condemneth.. And { give you these
commandments, because of the disputations. which
have been among you: And blessed are ye if ye have
Ro disputations among you. And now I go unto the
Father, because it’ is expedient that I should go unto
the Father, for your sakes. Tere ;

And it came topass that when: Jesus had made an
end of these sayings, he touchedwith his hand the

iples'whom he had chosen, one:by one, even until 
he'had’ touched them all, and spake unto them’ as he
touched them; and'the multitude heard not:the words
Which he spake,’ therefore they did not .bear record;
but the disciples bear record. that he gave them power
