to give the Holy. Ghost, ..And.I will shew. unto you
hereafter.that this record is true. a
And it.came to pass that. when Jesus had touched
them all, there came a cloud and overshadowed the
multitude, that they-could not see Jesus. And while
they were overshadowed, he departed from them, and
ascended into heaven. . And the disciples saw and did
bear record that he ascended again into heaven, 

i

CHAPTER IX.

Axp now it came to pass that when Jesus had as-
eended into heaven, the multitude did disperse, and
every man did take his wife and is children, and did
return to his own home. And it was noised abroad
among the people immediately, before it was yet. dark,
that the multitude had seen Jesus, and. that he had
ministered unto them, and that he would also show
himself on the morrow unto the multitude; yea, and
even all the night.it was noised abroad concerning Je
40s; and insomuch did they. send forth unto the peo-
ple, that. there were: many, yea, an exceeding great

number did labor exceedingly all that night, that they
might be on the morrow in the place where Jesus
should shew himself unto the multitude,

wAnd-it came:to pass that on the morrow, wher the
multitude was gathered. together, behold Nephi and
his brother whom hevhad.raised from the dead, whose

mame..was Timothy, and glso his son, whose name
was Jonas, and also. Mathoni; and. Mathonihah,_ his
brother, and Kumen, and Kemenonhi, and Jeremiah,
and. Shemnon, and Jonas; .and Zedekiah, and Isaiah;
now these were the names of the disciples whom Je-
sus had. chosen. . And;it came -to pass that they went
forth ,and stood in the: midst of the multitude... And
behold, the multitude was so great, that.they did caus?
that. they. should be:.separated:into twelve bodies..
And ithe twelve did teach the multitude; and behold,

 they did cause that the multitude should kneel down

upon the face of the-earth, and should pray unto the

Wather, in the name of Jesus, .. And the disciples did

pray-unto the Father also, in, the name. of Jesus.: And
it came to pass that they. arose and. ministered unto
