all the Jews; wherefore I could not shew unto theni
#0 great miracles, because of their unbelief Verily I
gay unto you, there are none of them that have seen’
so great things as ye have seen; neither have they
heard so great things as ye have heard. 

And it came to pass that he commanded the multi-
tude that they should cease to pray, and also his disci-
ples. And he commanded them that they should not
cease to pray in their hearts, And he commanded
them that they should arise and stand up upon their
feet. And they arose up and stocd upon their feet..
And it came to pass’ that he break bread again, and
blessed it, and gave to the disciples to eat. And when
they had eaten he commanded them that they should
break bread, and give unto the multitude. And when
they had given unto the multitude, he also gave them
wine to drink, and commanded them that they should
give unto the'multitude. Now there had been no breed,
neither wine, brought by the disciples, neither by the
multitude; but he truly gave unto them bread to eat,
and also wine to drink; and he said unto them, he that
eateth this bread, eateth of my body to his soul, and
he that drinketh of this wine, drinketh of my blood to
his soul, and his soul shallnever hunger nor thirst,
but shall be filled. Now when the multitude had all
eaten and drunk, behold they were filled with the spir-
it, and they did cry out with one voice, and gave glo-
ty to Jesus, whom they both saw and heard. And it
came to pass that when they had all given glory unto
Jesus, he saith unto’ them, behold now I finish the
commandment which the Father hath commanded me
concerning this people who are a remnant of the house
of Israel. Ye remember that I spake unto you, and
said that when the words of Isa:ah should be fulfilled,
behold they are written, ye have them before you;
therefore search them. And verily, verily I say unto
you, that when they shall be fulfilled, then is the ful-

Ming of the covenant which the Father hath made
unto his people. O house of Israel, and then shall
the remnants which shall be scattered abroad upon the
faceof the earth, be gathered in from the east, and
from the west, and from the south, and from the north;
and they’ shall be brought to the knowledge of the
Lord their God, who hath redeemed them. And the
Father hath’ commanded me that I should give unto
You this land, for your inheritance.’ And T say unto

ou, that if the Gentiles do not repent, after the bles.
