the Gentiles, that, he. may shew forth his power unto
the Gentiles, for this cause, that.the Gentiles, if they
will not harden their. hearts, that they may repent and
comeunto me, and be baptized in my name, and know
of the true points of my doctrine, that they may be
numbered among my people, O house of Israel; and
when these things come to pass, that thy seed shall
begin to know these things, it shall be a sign unto
them, that they may know that the work of the Fa-
ther hath already commenced unto the fulfilling of the
covenant which he hath made unto the people who
are of the house of Israel. And when that day shall
come, it shall come to pass that kings shall shut their
mouths; for that which had not been told them shall
they see; and that which they had not heard shall
they consider. For in that day, for my sake shall the
Father work a work, which shall be a great and a mar-
velous work among them; and there shall be among
who. will not believe it, although a man shall declare it
unto them. But behold, the life of my servant shall
be in, iy hand; therefore they shall not hurt him, al-
though he shall be marred because of them. Yet I
will heal him, for I will shew unto them that my wis-
dom.is greater than the cunning of the devil. There-
fore it shall come to pass, that whosoever will not be-
lieve in: my words, who am Jesus Christ, whom the
Father shall cause himto bring forth unto the Gen-
tiles, and shall give unto him power that he shall
bring them forth unto the Gentiles, (it shall be done
even: as Moses said,) they shall be cut off from aniong
people who are of the covenant; and my people
who are a remnant of Jacob, shall be among the Gen-
tiles, yea, in the midst of them, as a lion among the
beasts of the forest, as a young lion among the flocks
of sheep, who, if he go through both treadeth down
and teareth in pieces, and none can deliver. Their
hand shall be lifted up upon their adversaries, and all
their enemies shall be. cut off. Yea, wo be unto the
Gentiles, except they repent, for it shall come to pass.
in that. day, saith the Father, that I will cut-off thy
horses out of the midst of thee, and [ will destroy thy
chariots,.and I will cut off the cities of thy land, and
throw down all thy strong holds; and  will cut off
witchcrafts out of thy hand, and thou shalt have no
More soothsayers:. thy graven. images I will also cut
off, and thy standing images out of the midst of thee;
and thou shalt no: tiiore worship the: works of thy
