the coals in the fire, and that bringeth forth an instru.
iment for his work; and I-have created the waster to
destroy.. No weapon that is formed against thee shall
prosper; and every tongue that shall rise against thee
in judgment thou shalt condemn. This is the herit-
age of the servants of the Lord, and their righteous-
ness is of me, saith the Lord. And now behold I say
unto you; that ye had ought to search these things.
Yea, a commandment I give unto you, that ye search
these things diligently; for great are the words of
isaiah. For surely ne spake as touching all things
concerning my people which are of the house of
Jsrael;, therefore it must needs be that. he must
speak also to the Gentiles. And all things that he
spake, hath been, and shall be, even according to
the words’ which he spake. Therefore give heed to
iy words, Write the things which I have told you;
and according to the time and the will of the Fa-
ther,. they shall: go forth unto the Gentiles. And
whosoever will hearken unto my words, and repent
eth, and is baptized, the same shall be saved. .. Search
the prophets, for many there be that testify of these:
things. :

And. now it came to pass that when Jesus had said
these words, he said unto them again, after he had ex-
pounded all the scriptures unto them which they had
received, he said unto them, behold, other scriptures I
would that ye should write, that ye have not. And it
came to pass that he said onto Nephi, bring forth the
xecord which. ye have kept. And. when. Nephi had
vrought forth the records, and laid them before him,
he cast his eyes upon them, and said verily, I-say unto
you,  commanded my servant Samuel, the Lamanite,
that he should testify unto this people, thateat the day
that the’Father should glorify his name in me, that
there were. manyisaints who should arise from: the
dead, and should appear unto many, and should min-
ister unto them. And he said unto them, were it not
so? And. his’ disciples answered him-and said; yea;
Lord, Samuel did prophesy according to thy words,
and they were all fulfilled... And Jesus said unto them,
how be it that ye have not written this thing, that
many saints did arise and appear unto many, and did
iuinister unto them? . And:it came to pass that Nephi
remembered that this thing shad not 1 vritten.
And it-came to. pass that Jesus commanded that 

   
 

 
