should be written; therefore it was written according
as he commanded.

CHAPTER XI.

Asp now it came to pass that when Jesus had ex-
pounded all tle scriptures in one, which they had
written he commanded them that they should teach 
the'things which he had expounded unto them. © And
it came to pass that he commanded them that'they
should write the words which the Father had given
unto Malachi, which he should tell unto them. And
itcame to pass that after they were written, he ex-
pounded them. And these are the words which he
did tell unto them, saying, thus said the Father unto
Malachi, behold, I will send my messenger, and he 
shall prepare the way before me, and the Lord, whom
ye seek, shall suddenly come to his temple, even the
messenger of the covenant, whom ye delight inj be-
hold, he shall come, saith the Lord of hosts. Bat
who may abide the day of his coming? and who shall
stand when he appeareth? for he is like a refiner’s
fire, and like faller’s soap. And he shall sit asa re-
finer'and purifyer of silver: and he shall purify the
sons of Levi, and purge them as gold and silver, that
they may offer unto the Lord an offering in righteous-
ness. Then shall the offering of Judah and Jerusalem
be'pleasant unto the Lord, as in the days of old, and
as informer years. And I will come near to you to
Judgment# and I will be a swift witness against the
sorcerers, and against the adulterers, and against fils 
swearers, and against those that oppress the hireling+
in his wages, the widow, and the fatherless, and that
turh’aside the stranger, and fearnot me, saith the Lord
of hosts. For Iam the Lord, I change not; therefore
ye sons of Jacob are not consumed. '
= Evenfrom the days of your fathers ye are gone away
fromiine ordinances, and have not'kept them. Re-
turn ulito me, and [ will return unto you; saith the
Lord of hosts; But ye said, wherein shall we return?
 Will a rob God? Yet ye have robbed’me.” But
Ye say, wherein have we robbed’ thee? In tithes and
offerings. Ye are cursed: with'a curse, for ye have

   
 
