faith of my people; therefore I, Mormon, do write the
things which have been commanded me of the Lord,
And now I, Mormon, make an end of my sayings, and
proceed to write the things which have been command.
ed me; therefore I would that ye should behold that
the Lord truly did teach the people, for the space of
three days; and after that, he did shew himself unto
them oft, and did break bread oft, and bless it, and give
it. unto them. ;
. And it came to-pass that he did teach and minister
unto the children of the multitude of whom hath been
spoken, and he did loose their tongues, and they did
speak unto their fathers great and marvelous things,
even grater than he had revealed unto the people, and
loosed their tongues. that they could utter. And it
came to pass that. after he had ascended into heaven
the second time that he shewed himself unto them, and
had gone unto the Father, after.having healed all their
sick, and their lame, and opened the eyes of their
blind, and unstopped the ears of the deaf, and even
had done all manner of cures among them, :and raised
aman from the dead, and had shewn forth his power
unto them, and had ascended unto the Father, behold,
it came to pass on the morrow, that the multitude
thered themselves together, and they both saw and
_ heard these children; yea, even babes did-open theit
mouths, and utter marvelous things; and the things
which they did utter were forbidden, that there should
not any man write them. And it came to pass that
the disciples whom Jesus had chosen, began from that
time forth to baptize and to teach as many as did come
unto them; and as many as were baptized in the name.
of Jesus, were filled with the Holy Ghost... And many
of them saw and heard unspeakable things, which are
not lawful to be written; and they taught, and did
ninister one to another; and they had all things com-
mon among them, every man dealing justly, one with
another, And it came to pass that they did do. all
things, even as. Jesus had commanded. them. . And
they who were baptized in the name of Jesus, were
called the church of Christ... ; et a.
And. it came ito pass that as the disciples of Jesus
were: jourkeying and. were preaching the things which
they had both heard. and seen,.and were baptizing Jn
the name of Jesus, it came 10,pass that. the: disciples
Were gathered, together; and were united in mien
prayer and fasting.  And’ Jesus! again shewed himee ;

eee SS
