did-go orth upon the face of the land, and did minis-
fer-unto all the people, uniting as many to the church
es would believe in their preaching; baptizing them;
and ap many as were baptized, did receive the Holy
Ghost; and they were cast into prison by them who
did not belong to the church. And the prisons could
not held them, for they were rent in twain, and they
were cast down into the earth. But they did sinite
the earth with the word of God, insomuch that. by his
power they were delivered out of the depths of the
earth; and therefore they could not dig pits sufficient
to hold them. And thrice they were cast.into a. furs
nace, and received no harm. And twice were they
cast into a den of wild beasts; and behold they did
play with the beasts, asa child with a suckling lamb,
and received no harm. And it came to pass that thug
they did go forth among all the-people of Nephi, and
did preach the gospel of Christ unto all people upon
the face of the land; and they were converted unto
the Lord, and were united unto the church of Christ,
and thus the people of that generation were blessed,
according to the word of Jesus. And now I, Mor-
mon,make an end of speaking concerning these thingr,
fora time.. Behold, I was about to write thenames oz
those who were'never to taste of death; but the Lord
forbade, therefore I write them not, for they are hid
from the world. But behold I have seen them, and
they have ministered unto me; and behold they will
be among the Gentiles, and the Gentiles knoweth

them not. They will also be among the Jews, and

the Jews shall know them not.

And it-shallcome to pass, when the Lord seeth fit
in his wisdom, that they shall minister unto all the
scattered tribes of Israel, and unto all nations, kind-
reds, tongues and people, and shall bring out of them
unto Jesus many souls, that their desire may be fulfil-
led, and also because of the convincing power of God
which is in them; and they are as the angels of God
and if they-shall-pray unto the Father in the name of
Jewus they can shew themselves unto whatsoever man
it sosmeth them good; therefore. great and marvelous
works shall be wrought by them, before the great and
paren: day, when ail-people must-enrely stand before
the judgment seat of Christ; yea even among the Gen-
tiles shall there be agreatand maryelous work wrought

by them, before that judgment: day.) And if ye had all
the scriptures which give an account ofall the marvel-
