-And it came to pass. that Nephi, he. that kept this
last reeord, (and he kept it upon the-plates of Nephi)
died, and.his son Amos kept.it in his stead; and.he
kept it upon the plates of Nephi also; and he kept it
eighty and four years,:and there.was still peace in the
land, save it were a small. part of the people who had
revolted from the church, and took upon them the
name of Lamanites; therefore there began to be La-
manites again in the land, .

And. it came to pass that Amos died also, (and it
was an hundred and ninety and four years from the
coming of Christ,) and his son Amos kept the record
in. his stead; and he also kept it upon the plates of
Nephi; and it was also written in the book of Nephi,
which is this book. And it came to pass that two
hundred years had. passed away, and the second gene-
ration had all passed away save it were a few. And
now I, Mormon, would that ye should know that the
people had multiplied, insomuch that they were spread
upon:all the face of the land, and that they had become
exceeding rich, because of their prosperity in Christ.
And now in this two hundred and first year, there be-
gan to be among them those who were lifted up in
pride, such as the wearing of costly apparel, and all
manner of fine pearls, and of the fine things of the
world, And from that time forth they did have their
goods and their substance no more common among
them, and they began to be divided into classes, and
they began to build up churches unto themselves, to
get gain, and began to deny the true church. of Christ

And it came to pass that when two hundred and ten
years had passed away there were many churches in
the land; yea, there were many churches which pro
fessed to know-the Christ, and yet they did deny the
more parts of -his gospel, insomuch that they did re
ceive all manner of wickedness, and did administer
that which was sacred unto him to whom it had been
forbidden, because of unworthiness. And this church
did multiply exceedingly, beciiuse of iniquity, and be
cause of the power of satan who did get hold upon
their hearts. And again, there was another cht
which denied the Christ; and they did. persecute the
true church of Christ, because of their humility, and
their belief in Christ; and they did. despise them, be-
cause of, the many. miracles. which..were wrought
among them; therefore they did. exercise power and
authority over the disciples of Jesus who did tary
