number of thirty thousand. And it came to pass that
they did have in this same year a number of battles,
in the which the Nephites did beat the Lamanites, and
did slay many of them. And it came to pass that the
Lamanites withdrew their design, and there was peace
settled in the land,:and peace did remain for the space
of about four years, that there was no blood shed..
But wickedness did prevail upon the face of the whole
land, insomuch that the Lord did take away his beloy.
ed disciples, and the work of miracles and of healing
did cease, because of the iniquity of the people. And
there were no gifts from the Lord, and the Holy Ghost
did not come upon any, because of their wickedness
and unbelief. And I, being fifteen years of age, and
being somewhat of a sober mind, therefore L was visit-
ed of the Lord, and tasted, and knew of the goodness
of Jesus. And Idid endeavor to preach unto this peo-
ple, but my mouth was shut, and I was forbidden that

should preach unto them; for behold they had wil-
fully rebelled against their God, and the beloved disci-
ples were taken away out of the land, because of their
iniquity. But I did remain among them, butI was
forbidden to preach unto them, because of the hardness
of their hearts; and because of the hardness of their
hearts, the land was cursed for their sake. And these
Gaddianton robbers, who were among the Lamanites,
did infest the land, insomuch that the inhabitants
thereof began to hide up their treasures in the earth;
and they became slippery, because the Lord had curs-
ed the land, that they could not hold them, nor retain
them again. And it came to pass that there were
soreeries, and witcherafts, and magics:; and the power
of the evil one was wrought upon all the face of the
land, even unto the fulfilling of all.the words of Abin-
adi; and also Samuel the Lamanite. And it came to
pass in that same year, there began to be a war again
between the Nephites and the Lamanites. And not-
withstanding I being young, was large in stature,
therefore the people of Nephi appointed me that I
should be their leader,.or the leader of their armies..
Therefore it came to pass that in my sixteenth year I
did go. forth at the head.of an army.of the Nephites,
against the Lamanites; therefore three hundred. and
twenty and six years had passed away, ..And it.came
fone that,in the three hundred and twenty and.sev-
enth year, the lamanites did. come.upon us with exe
ceeding great power, insomuch that. they did frighten
