my armies; therefore they would not fight, and they
begen to retreat: towards the-north countries. . And it
came to pass that we did come to the city of Angola,
and we did take possession of the:city, and make prep-
arations to defend ourselves against the Lamanites.-.
And it came to pass that we did fortify the city with
our mights; but notwithstanding all our fortifications,
the Lamanites did come upon us, and did: drive us. out
of the city. And they did also drive us forth out.of
the land of David. And we marched forth and came
to the land of Joshua, which was in the berders west,
by the seashore, And it came to pass that. we did
gather in our people as fast as it were possible, that
we might get them together inone hody.. But behold,
the land was filled with robbers and with Lamanites;
and notwithstanding the great destruction which hung
over my people, they did not repent of their evil do-
ings; therefore there was blood and carnage spread
throughout all the face of the land, both on the part
of the Nephites, and also on the part of the Laman-
ites; and it was one complete revolution throughout
all the face of the land. And now the Lamanites had
a.king, and his name was Aaron; and he came against
us with an army of forty and four thousand. And be-
hold, I withstood him with forty and two thousand..
And it came to pass that I beat him with my army,
that he fled before me, And behold, all this was done
and three hundred and thirty years had passed away.
And it came to pass that the Nephites began to repent
of their iniquity, and began to cry even as had been
prophesied by Samuel the prophet; for behoid no man
could keep that which was his own, for the thieves,
and the robbers, and the murderers, and the magic
art, and the witchcraft which was in the land. Thus
there began to be a mourning and a lamentation in all
the land, because of these things;. and more especially
among the ple of Nephi. Andit came to pass
that when I, Mormon, saw their lamentation, and
their mourning, and.their sorrow before the Lord, my
heart did begin to rejoice within me, knowing the
mercies and the long suffering of the Lord, therefore
supposing that he would be merciful unto them, that
they would again become a righteous people. But
behold this my joy was vain, for their sorrowing was
not unto repentance, because of the goodness of God,
bat it:was rather the sorrowiag of the damned, because
the Lord would not always suffer them to take happi+
