before the Lamanites, but did stand with bold.
nese against them, And it came to. pass that we did
contend with an army of thirty thousand, against an
army of fifly thousand. And it came to pass that we
did stand before them with such firmness, that they
did flee from before us. And it came to pass that
when they had fled, we did pursue them with our ar-
mies, and did meet them again, and did beat them;
nevertheless the strength of the Lord was not with us;
ea, we were left to ourselves, that the spirit of the
ord did not abide in us; therefore we had become
weak, like unto our brethren. And my heart did sor-
row because of this the great calamity of my people;
because of their wickedness and their abominations..
But behold we did go forth against the Lamanites, and
the robbers of Gaddianton, until we had again taken
possession of the lands of our inheritance. And the
three hundred and forty and ninth year had passed
away. And in the three hundred and fiftieth year, we
made a treaty with the Lamanites and the robbers of
Gaddianton, in which we did get the lands of our in-
heritance divided. And the Lamanites did give un-
tous the land northward; yea, even to the narrow
passage which led into the land southward. And we
did give unto the Lamanites all the land southward.
And it came to pass that the Lamanites did not ,
come to battle again until ten years more had passed ©
away, And behold, I had employed my people, the
Nephites, in preparing their lands and their arms
against the time of battle. And it came to pass that
the Lord did say unto me, ery unto this people repent
ye, and come unto me and be ye baptized, and build
up again my church, and ye shall be spared. And]
did cry unto this people, but it was in vain, and they
did not realize that it was the Lord that had spared
them, and granted unto them a chance for repentance.
And behold they did harden their hearts against the
Lord their God. And it came to pass that after this
tenth year had passed away, making, in the whole,
three hundred and sixty years:from the coming of
Christ, the king of the Lamanites sent an epistle unto
me,.which gave unto me to know that they were pre-
paring. to come again to battle against us. And it
came to pass that I did cause my people that they
should guther themselves together at the land Desola-
tion, to.a city which was in the borders, by the narrow
pase which lead. into the land southward. And there
