, beatagain the Lamanites, and drive them out of their
jands; and the Lamanites did not come again against
the Nephites, until the three hundred and seventy and
fifth year. And in this year they did come down
against the)Nephites with all their powers; and they
were not tuimbered because of the greatness-of their
number. And from this time forth did the Nephites
gain no power over the Lamanites, but began to be
swept off by them even as-a dew before the sun. And
it came to pass that the Lamanites did come down
against the city Desolation; and there was an exceed-
img sore battle fought in the Jand Desolation, in the
which they did beat the Nephites, And they fled
again-from before them, and they came to the. city
Boaz; and there they did stand against the Lamanites
with exceeding boldness, insomuch that the Lamanites
did not beat them until they had come agnin the second
time. And. when they had come the second time, the
Nephites were driven and slaughtered with an exceed-
ing great slaughter; their women and their children

_ Were again sacrified unto idols, And it came to pass

© that the Nephite did. again flee from before them,

taking all. the inhabitants. with them, both in towns
and villages And now I, Mormon, seeing that the

Lamanites wete about to overthrow the land, there-

fore’ I'did gorto the hill Shim, and did take up all the

records which Ammaron -had hid up unto the Lord.

Andit-eame:to pass that I did go forth among the

Nephites, and-did repent of the oath which 1 had made,

that F would no more assist them} end they gave me

eommanil again ef their armies; for they looked upon
me as'though'{ could deliver them from their afflic-
tions. But behold, I was without hopes, for I knew
the’ judgmentsof the Lord which should come upon

them; for: they repented not of their iniquities, but did

struggle-for their. lives, without calling upon that Be-

ing who'ereated them. And it came to pass that the

Lamanites:did' come against us'as we had fled fo the

_ Gity-of Jordany but behold, they were driven back that

theydid not take the’ city at that time, And it came
topiss:'that they eamee against us again, and we'did
maintain the ity, ~And there were also other cities
wiieli were maintained by the Nephites, whieh strong
holde did dat them off that they could not get into the
country which Jayzbefore Us to destroy the inhabitants

Qf Girlands But it came to pass that whatsdever

labdstwevhad passed by,:and the inhabitants thereor
