were not gathered in, ;were destroyed by the Laman-
ites, and. their, towns, and. villages, and: cities were
burned, with. fire;.and. thug..the .three hundred: and
seyenty,and nine years passed away.

And, it came to pass that in. the. three hundred and
eightieth year, the Lamanites did come again against
us to. battle, and we did stand. against them boldly;.
but it was all in vain, for so great were their numbers
that they did tread the people of the Nephites under
their fect. And it came to pass that we did again take
to flight, and those whose flight was swifter.than the
Lamanites did escape, and those whose flight did not
exceed the Lamanites, were swept down and:destroy-
ed.. And now behold, [, Mormon, do not. desire to
harrow up the souls of men in casting before them
such an awful scene of blood and carnage as was laid
before mine eyes, but I knowing that these things
must surely be made known, and that-all things which
are hid must. be revealed upon the house tops, and al-
so that a. knowledge of these things must come unto
the remnant of these people, and also unto the Gen-
tiles, which the Lord hath said should scatter this peo-
ple, and this peers should be counted as nought
among them, therefore I write a small abridgement,
daring not to give a full account of the things which I
have seen, because of the commandment.which I have
received, and also. that ye might not have too great
sorrow because of the wickedness of this people. And
now behold, this I speak unto their seed, and also to
the Gentiles, who, have care for the house of Israel,
that. realize and know from whence their blessings
come. For I know,that such will sorrow for the ca-
lamity of the house of Israel; yea, they will sorrow for
the destruction of this people; they will sorrow that
this people had not repented, that they might have
been clasped in the arms of Jesus. Now these thip
are wriften unto. the remnant of the house.of Jacob;
and they are written after this. manner, because it 1s
known of God that wickedness will not. bring them
forth unto them; and they are. to be hid up unto the

. Lord, that they may come forth-in his own due time.
_ And this is the commandment which J have received;
_ and behold they shall come forth actording to the
 commandment of the Lord, when he shall see fit, in
_ his wisdom. . And behold. they shall. go. unto the un-
 believing of the Jews; and for this intent shall they
(go) that they may be persuaded that Jequs is the
