Christ, the Son of' the’ living God; that the Father
may bring about, through his most beloved, his great

eternal purpose, in restoring the Jews, or all the
house of Israel, to the land of their inheritanee, which
the Lord their God hath given them, unto the fulfilling
of his covenant, and also that the seed of this people
may more fully believe his gospel,-which shall go forth
unto them from the Gentiles; for this people shall be
scattered, and shall become a dark, a filthy, and a loath-
some people, beyond thedescription of that which ever
hath been amongst us; yea, even that which hath
been among the Lamanites; and this because of. their
unbelief and idolatry. For behold, the spirit of the
Lord hath already ceased to strive with their fathers,
and they are without Christ and God in the world,
and they are driven about as chaff before the wind.
They were once a delightsome people, and they had
Christ for their Shepherd; yea, they were led even by
God, the Father. But now, behold they are led about
by satan, even'as chaff is driven before the wind, or as
4 vessel is tossed about upon the waves, without sail
orahchor, or without any thing wherewith to steer
her; and even as she is, soare they. And behold, the
Lord hath reserved their blessings, which they might
have received in the land, for the Gentiles, who shall
possess the land. But behold, it shall come to pass
Uthat they shall be driven and scattered by the Gentiles;
and after they have been driven and scattered by the
Gentiles, behold, then will the Lord remember the
covenant which he made unto Abraham, and unto all
the house of Isracl. And also the Lord will remem-
ber'the prayers of the righteous, which have been put
up unto him for them. And then, O ye Gentiles, how
can ye stand before the power of God, except ye shall
repent and turn from your evil ways! Know ye not
that ye are in the hands of God? Know ye not that
he hath all power, and at his great command the earth
shall be rolled together as a scroll? Therefore repent
ye, and humble yourselves before him, lest he shall
come out in justice against you; lest a remnant of the
seed of Jacob shall go forth among you as a lion, and
tear you'in pieces, and there is none to deliver.
