CHAPTER Iv.

Brnoxn I, Moroni, do finish the record of my Father
Mormon. Behold, I have but few things to write,
which things I have been commanded of my father.
And now it came to pags that after the great and tre-
mendous battle at Cumorah, behold, the Nephites who
had escaped into the country southward, were hunted
by the Lamanites, until they were all destroyed; and
my father also was killed by them; and I, even remain
alone to write the sad tale of the destruction of my
people. But behold, they are gone, and I fulfil the
commandment of my father, And whether they will
slay me, I know noty: therefore I will write and. hide
up the records in the earth, and whither I go it matter-
eth not. Behold, my father hath made this record,
and he-hath written the intent thereof. And behold,
I.would write it also, if 1 had room. upon the plates;
but { have not; and ore I have none, for I am alone;
my father hath been slain in battle, and all my kins

ks, and  have not friends nor whither to go; and
how long the Lord will suffer that I may live, I know
not. Behold, four hundred years have passed away
since the coming of our Lord and Saviour. And be-
hold, the Lamanites have hunted my people, the Ne-
phites, down from city to city, and from place to place,
even until they are no more; and great has been their
fall; yea, great and marvelous is the destruction of
 people, the Nephites. And behold, it is the hand
of the Lord which hath done it. And behold also, the
Lamanites are at war one with another; and the whole
face of this land is one continual round of murder and
bloodshed: and no one knoweth the end of the war.
And now behold,  gay no more concerning them, for
there are none, save it be the Lamanites and. robbers,
that do exist upon the face of the land; and there are
none that do know the true God, save it be the disci-
Ples of Jesus, who did tarry in the land until the wick-
edness of the people was so great, that the Lord would
hot suffer them to remain with the people; and wheth-
erthey be upon the face of the land, no man knoweth.
But behold, my father and I have seen them, and they
have ministered unto us. And whoso receiveth this
record, and shall not condemn it because of the imper-
fections which are in it, thesame shall know of greater
things than these. Behold, I ani” Moroni; and were
it possible, I would make all things known unto you.
