Behold, I make an end’ of: speaking concerning this
people. Iam the son of Mormon, and my father was
a desceridant of Nephi;' and I am the same who hideth
up this record-unto the Lord; the plates thereof are of
no worth, becouse. of the commandment of -the Lord,
For he truly saith, that no one shall have them to pet
gain; but the record thereof is: of great worth: and
whoso shall bring it to light,;-him will the-Lord-bless,
For none can hdve power to bring it to light, save it
be given himiof God; for God will’ that it shall be
done with an eye single’ to-his glory, or the welfare
of the ancient and long dispersed covenant people of
the Lord. And blessed be him that shall bring this
thing to light; for it shall be brought out of darkness
unto light, according to the word of God; yea, it shall
be brought out of the earthy and it shall shine forth
out of darkness, and come unto the knowledge of the
people; and it shall be done by the power of God; and
if there be faults, they be the faults of a man. But
behold, we know no fault. Nevertheless, God know-
eth all things; therefore he that eondemneth, let him
be aware lest he shall b2 in danger of hell fire. And
he that sayeth, shew unto me, or ye shall be smitten,
let-him beware lest he coraracmnioll that which is for-
bidden of the Lord. For behold, the same that judg-
eth'rashly, shall be judged rashly again; for according
to his works shall his wages be; therefore, he that
smiteth, shall be smitten-again of the Lord. Behold
what the scripture says man. shall: not'sinite, neither
shall he judge; for judgment is mine, saith the Lord;
and vengeance is mine also, and J will repay. And
he that shall breathe out wrath and strifes against the
work of the Lord, and against the covenant people of
the Lord, who are the house of Israel, and shall say,
we willdestroy the work of the Lord, and the Lord
will not remember his covenant which he hath’made
unto the house of Israel, the same is in danger to be
hewn down and cast into the fire; for the eternal pur-
poses of the Lord shall rol! on, until all his promises
shall be falfilled: Search the propiecies of Isaiah..
Behold, I cannot write them. Yea, behold I say unto
rou, that those saints who have gone before me, who
ave possessed™this land, shall ery; yea, even from
the dust will they cry unto the Lord; and: as the Lord
liveth, he will remember the’ covenant which the'hath
made with them. And he knoweth their prayers, that
they were in behalf of their brethren, And he know-
