hold, I:speak unto you. as if ye were) present, and yet
yearenot, . But behold, Jesus Christ hath shewn you
unto me, andI.know your doing; and I know that ye
do walk in the pride of your’ hearts; and there are
none, save. a few only, who do- not lift themselves up
inthe pride of their hearts, unto the wearing of very
fine apparel, unto. envying, and strifes, and malice,
and persecutions, and all manner of iniquities; and
our churches, yea, even every one, have become pol-
uted because of the pride of your hearts, For behold,
ye do love money, and your substances, and your fine
apparel, and the adorning of your churches, more than
ye love the poor and the needy, the sick and the af
flicted. O ye pollutions, ye hypocrites, ye teachers,
who sell yourselves. for that which will canker, why
have ye polluted the holy church of Godt Why are
2 ashamed to take upon you the name of. Christ!.
hy do you not think that greater is the value of an
endless happiness,. than that miscry which never dies,
because of the praise of the world. Why do ye adom
yourselves with that which hath no life, and yet suffer
the hungry, and the needy, and the: naked, and the
sick, and the afflicted to pass. by you, and notice them
not?. Yea,.why do ye build up your secret abomins-
tions to get:gain, and cause that widows should moura
before the Lord, and also orphans to mourn before the
Lord; and also the blood of their fathers and their
husbands to cry unto the Lord from. the ground, for
vengeance upon your heads? Behold, the sword of
vengeance hangeth over you; and the time soon com-
eth that he avengeth the blood of the saints upon you,
for he will not suffer their cries any longer.
And now, I speak also concerning those who do not
believe in Christ... Behold, will ye believe in the day
af your visitation, behold, when the Lord shall come;
yea, even that great day when the earth shall be roll-
ed together as ascroll, and the elements shall melt
with fervent heat; yea; in that great day when ye
shall be brought to stand before the Lamb of God,
then will ye say that there is no God? Then will ye
longer deny the Christ, or can ye behold the Lamb of
God? Do ye suppose that ye shall dwell with him
under a consciousness of your guilt? Do. ye suppose
that:yecould:be happy to dwell with that holy being,
when. your souls are racked with a consciousness of
guilt that ye have ever abused his laws? Behold!
say unto you, that ye would’be more miserable fo
