wrath cometh upon them when they are ripened in
iniquity; for behold, this is aland which is choice
above all other lands; wherefore he that doth possess
it shall serve God, or shall be swept off; for it is the

everlasting decree of God. Andit is not until the ful-
ness of iniquity among the children of the land, that
they are swept off. And this cometh unto you, O ye
Gentiles, that ye may know the decrees of God, that
ye may repent, and not continue in your iniquities un-
tl the fulness come, that ye may not bring down the
fulness of the wrath of God upon you, as the inhabit-

ants of the land hath hitherto done. Behold, this'is a
choice land, and whatsoever nation shall possess it,

shall be free from bondage, and from captivity, and
from all other nations under heaven, if they will but
serve the God of the land, who is Jesus Christ, who
hath been manifested by the things which we have
written. And now I proceed with my record; for be-
hold it came to pass that the Lord did bring Jared and
his brethren forth even to that great sea which divideth
the lands. And as they came to the sea, they pitched
their tents; and they called the name of the place Mo-
riancumer; and they dwelt in tents: and dwelt in
tents upon the seashore for the space of four years..
And it came to pass at the end of four years, that the
Lord came again unto the brother of Jared, and stood
in a cloud and talked with him. And for the space of
three hours did the Lord talk with the brother of Ja-
zed, and chastened him because he remembered not to
call upon the name of’ the Lord. And the brother of
Jared repented of the evil which he had done, and did
call upon the name of the Lord for his brethren who
were with him. And the Lord said unto him;-I will
forgive thee and thy brethren of their sins; but thou
shalt not sin any more, for ye shall remember that my
spirit will not always strive with man; wherefore if
ye will'sin until ye are fully ripe, ye shall be cut off
from the presence of the Lord. And these are my.
thoughts upon the land whichI shall give you for
your inheritance; for it shall be a land choice above all
other lands. And the Lord said, goto work and build,

afterjthe manner of barges which ye. have hitherto
built.’ And it came to pass that the brother of Jared
did goto: work, and also his brethren, and built barges
after the manner which. they had built, according: to
 the instructions of the Lord. And they: were smal},

and they were light upon the water, even like unto the
