lightness of .a fowl upon: the--water; and they were
built after a manner. that they were. exceeding tight,
even that they, would hold-water like unto-a dish; and
the bottom thereof-was tight like un{o a dish; and the
sides:thereof were tight like unto a dish; and the ends
thereof were peaked; and the. top thereof was tight
like unto a dish; and the length thereof was the length
of a tree; and the door thereof, when it was shut, was
tight like unto adish. And it cume.to pass that the
brother of Jared cried unto the Lord, saying, O Lord
I have performed the work which thou hast command-
ed me, and.  have made the barges according as thou
hast directed:me. . And behold, O Lord, in them there
is.no light, whither shall we steer. And also we shall
perish, for:in them we cannot breathe, save it is the
air which is in them; therefore we shall perish. And
the Lord said unto the brother of Jared, behold, thou
shalt make a hole.in the top thereof, and also in the
bottom thereof; and when thou shalt suffer for air;
thou shalt.unstop the hole thereof, and receive air..
And if itso be that the water come in upon thee, be-
hold, ye shall stop.the hole thereof, that ye may not
perish .in the flood. And itcame to pass that the
brother of. Jared did so, according as the Lord had
commanded. And he cried again unto the Lord, say-
ing; O Lord, behold } have done even as thou hast
commanded me; and I have prepared: the vessels for
my people, and behold, there is no lightin them. Be-
hold, O Lord; wilt thou suffer that we shall cross. this
great water in darkness? And the Lord said unto the
brother of Jared, what will ye that J should do that ye
may have. light in your vessels?’ For behold, ye can-
not have. windows, for they will be dashed in pieces;
neither shall ye take fire with you, for ye shall not go
by the light of fire; for behold, ye shall be as a whale
in the midst of the sea; for the-mountain.waves shall
dash upon you, ~ Nevertheless, I will bring you: up
again out of the depths of the sea;:for the winds have
gone forth. out of my mouth, and also the rains and
the floods have I sent forth.. And behold, I prepare
You against these things; for howbeit; ye cannot cross
this'great deep, save I prepare you against the waves
of the sea, and the winds -which have gone forth, and
the floods which shall.come.’ . Therefore what will ye
that Ishould prepare for you, thatye may: have light
ve are swallowed up inthe depths of the
SOR eae oi? ee ed a eR

 

  
