the:brother. of Jared:saw; there never was greater
things made manifest; than that. which.was made man-
lfest, unto the brother of Jared; wherefore, the Lord
hath commanded me to write them; and I have writ-
ten them, ~And he commanded me that I should seal
them up; and he also hath commanded that I should
seal up the interpretation. thereof; wherefore I have
sealed up the interpreters, according to the command-
ment of the Lord. For the Lord said unto. me, they
shall not go forth unto the Gentiles until the day that
they shall repent of. their iniquity, and. become clean
before the Lord; and in that day that they shall exer-
cise faith in me, saith the Lord, even as the brother of
Jared did, that they, may become sanctified in me,
then. will I.manifest unto them the things which the
brother of Jared saw, even to the unfolding unto them
all my revelations; saith Jesus Christ, the Son of God,
the Father of the heavens and of the earth, and all
things, that in them are. And he that will contend
against the word .of the Lord, let him be accursed; and
he that shall deny these things, let him be accursed;
for unto them will I. shew no greater things, saith Je-
sus Christ, for.1 am he who speaketh; and at my com-
mand thetheavens are opened and are shut; and atmy
word, the earth shall shake; and at my command, the
inhabitants. thereof shall pass away, even so as by fire;
and he that believeth not my words, beleiveth not my
disciples; and if it so be that I do not speak; judge ye;
for ye shall.know that itis I that speaketh, at the last
day. ~ But he.that believeth these things which I have
spoken, him will I visit with the manifestations of my
spirit; and he’ghall know and bear record. For be-
cause of my. spirit, he shall know that these things are
true; for it persuadeth men to do good;..and whatsoev-
er thing persuadeth men to do good, is.of me; for
good cometh of none, save it be of me. Iam the same
that leadeta men to all good; he that will not believe
my words, will not believe me, that 1 am; and he that
will mot believe me, will not believe the. Father who
sent me. .\For behold, Iam the Father, I am the light,
- and-the: life, and the truth of the world... Come unto
-me, O ye Gentiles, and I will shew unto you the great-
er sings the knowledge which is hid. up because of

    

unbelief. Come unto me, O ye house of Israel, and it
 shall be made manifest unto you how great things the
Father h p. for you, from the foundation of

and it hath not come unto,you, because of

j ; the world;
