God, and. also his. word, of which the Father, and the
Son; and tne.Holy Ghost beareth, record; and all this
shall stand as a testimony against the world, at the
last day... And if itso be that they repent and come
unto the Father in the name of Jesus, they shall be re-
ceived into tlie kingdom of God. , And now, if I have
no authority for these things, judge ye, fer ye shall
know that I have authority when ye shall see me, and
we snall stand before God at the last day. Amen,

=
4

CHAPTER IIL.

Ann.now I,. Moroni, proceed to give the record of
Jared and his brother. For it came to pass afler the
Lord had prepared the stones which the brother of Ja-
red had carried up into the mount,.the brother of Jared
came down out of the mount, and he did put forth the
stenes into the vessels which were prepared, one in
each end thereof; and behold, they did give light unto
the vessels:thereof, And thus the Lord caused stones
to, shine, in darkness, to give light unto men, women
and children, that they might not cross,the great wa-
ters in darkness.

And it came to pass that when they had prepared
all manner of food, that therehy they might subsist
upon the water, and also food for their flocks and herds,
and whatsoever. beast, or animal, or fowl that they
should carry with them... And it came to pass that
when they had done all these things, they got aboard
of their vessels or barges, and set forth into the sea,
commending themselves unto the Lord their God..
And. it came to pass that the Lord God caused that
there should a furious wind blow upon the face of the
waters, towards the promised land; and thus they
were tossed upon the waves ofthe sea before the wind.
And it came to pass that they were many times buried
in the depths of the sea, because of the mountain waves
which broke upon them, and also the great and terri-
ble tempests which were caused by the fierceness of
Ene WANG ia tint acneantion wad h Ic elaine asbte bi3
_ And it came to pass. that when they were buried in

re. wasno water that.could. burt them,
ls being tight like unto adish, and also they’

    
