’ did number-their people; aud.after that they badnum-
bered them, they did desire,of them the:-tbings which
they: would that.they should, do before:they. yent.down.
to their.graves,, And it. came to pass that. the. people
desired of. them that they should anoint .one of their
sons to bei.a.king over them. And-now behold, this
Was. grievous unto them.. But the..brother; of. Jared
said unto them, surely, this thing,leadeth into captivi-
ty... But, Jared’said unto his, brother, suffer them, that
they. may have aking; and. therefore he said unto
them, choose ye out from among our sons.a king, even
whom ye will, EWR gs 28

And it came: to-pass that they chose even the. first
born of the brother of Jared; and his name was Pagag.
And it came. to: pass that-he refused.and would not be
their king...And the peeaple; would that his father
should, constrain -him; but his father would not; and
he ommanded them that they. should constrain no
man tobe their king. Arid it came to pass that they
ehose all the brothers of Pagag, and they would not.
And Jit-came/to-pass that. neither would. the ,sons:of
Jared, even all, saveit were one; and: Orihah, was an-
nointed to be king over the people... And he began to
reign, and the people. began to presper; and they. be-
came exceeding rich. And it came to pass that Jared
died, and-his, brother also. Aind it came to pass. that
Orihah-did.walk, humbly. before the Lord, :and did re-
member how great things the Lord -had done. for his
father, and also taught his people how great things the
Lord.had done. for. their. fathers. . : 
- And it.came-to pass that Orihah did execute judg-
ment. upon the land: in righteousness. all; bis’ days,
whose days, were exceeding. many... And-he begat sons
and daughters; yea, he begat thirty and one, among
whom: were twenty and three. sons... And it came to
pass that he also begat Kib in his old age, And it
came.to pass that Kib. reigned in his-stead; and Kib
begat Corihor.. And when Corihor was: thirty and
two,years ojd, he rebelled against his father, and went
oyer and: dwelt.in the land,of Nehor;,and he begat
sons and daughters; and they became: exceeding fair;
wherefore 'Corihor drew away many people after him.
And when he had.gathered together an army, he came
up unto the land of Moron where the king. dwelt, and
took him-captive, which brought to pass the saying of
the brother. of Jared, thaf, they. would. be brought into
captivity, :. Now: the ani of. Moron. where -the king
