kingdom of Cohor, the son of Noah. And Cohor, the
son of Noah, caused that his people should give battle
unto Shule, in which Shule did beat them, and did
sey Cohor: . And now Cohor had ason who was
called Nimrod; and Nimrod.gave up the kingdom of
Cohor unto Shule, and he did gain favor in the eyes
of Shule; wherefore Shule did bestow great favors up-
on him, and he, did do in the kingdom of Shule aceor-
ding to his desires; and also in the’ reign of Shule
there came prophets among the people, whe were sent
from the Lord, prophesying that the wickedness and
adolatry of the people was bringing a curse upon the
land, and they should be destroyed, if they did not re-
pent. .
And it came to pass that the people did revile against
the prophets, and did mock: them. And it came to
pass that king Shule did execute judgment against all
those who did revile against the prophets; and he did
execute a law throughout all the land, which gave
power unto the prophets that they should go whither-
soever they would; and by ihis cause the people were
brought unto repentance. And because the people did
repent of their imiquities and idolatries, the Lord did
spare them, and they began to prosper again in the
land. And it came to pass that Shule begat sons.and
daughters in his old age.. And there were no more
wars in the days of Shule; and he remembered the
great ee the Lord. had done for his fathers in
bringing them across tlie great deep into the promised
land;' wherefore he.did execute judgment in righteous-
ness all his days. .
And it came to pass that he begat Omer, and Omer
reigned inhis stead. And Omer begat Jared; and Ja-
red begat-sons and daughters. And Jared rebelled
against his father, and'came and dwelt! in the land ot
Heth. And it came:to. pass that he-did flatter many
people, because of his cunning words; until he had
gained the half of the kingdom. And when he had
- gained the half of the kingdom, he gave battle unto
bis father; and'he did arry away his father into cap:
tivity, and did make’ him serve in captivity.. And
now in the days of the reign of: Omer, he was in-cap-
tivity the half of his days. And it came to pass:that
he’ begat sons’ and daughters, among whom were Es-
rom and Coriantumr; and: they: were exceeding angry
because’ of the doings of Jared their brother, insomuch
that they did raise an army,:and gave battle unto Ja-
