did.erect him. an. exceeding. beautiful throne,..and he
did build many prisonsy.and whoso would not be sub-
jeet ,unto: taxes, he did cast into. prison; and whose
was.not able to pay. taxes, he did cast into prison; and
he did cause: that.they should labor continually, for
their support; and whoso refused to labor, he. did cause
to.be put to. death; wherefore he.did-ebtain all his-fine
work; : yea,even his. fine gold’ he did cause to be refi-
ned in prison, and.all manner. of fine workmanship he
did, cause to be wrought in prison. And it came to
pass. that he did afflict the people with his whoredoma
and.abominations; and when. he had reigned for, the
space of forty and two years, the people did raise up
in rebellion against -him, and there begah to be war
again in the land, insomueh that Riplakish was killed,
and his descendants were driven out ofthe land.

And it came to pass, after the space of many years,
Morianton,: (he being a descendant of Riplakish,)
gathered together an army of outcasts, and went forth
and gave battle unto the people; and he gained pow-
er over many cities; and the war became exceeding
sore, and. did:last for the apace, of many years, and
he: did: gain power over ali the land, and did. establish
himself king over all the land. And after that he had.
established himself king, he did.ease the burden of the
people,.by which he did gain favor in the eyes of the:
people, end.they did annoint him to be their king..
And he did do justice unto the people, but not unto
himself, because of his many whoredoms; wherefore
he was gut off from the presence ofthe Lord. . And it
came td pass that Morianton built up many cities, and
the. people became exceeding rich under his reign, both.
in-buildings,.and in gold, and in silver, and in.raisin

rain, and in flocks, .and herds, and such things which
iad .been:restored unto.them. . And Morianten did.
live.to.an exceeding great age, and then he begat
Kim; and Kim did reign in. the stead of his father;
and he.did reign eight years, and his father died. And
iteame.to pass that Kim did not reign in righteous-
ness, wherefore he was not favored of the Lord... And
his brother did raise up in rebellion against. him, by
which:he did bring him inte eupeivity: and he did re-
in, captivity all his days; and-he begat sons and
raters in captivity; and in his old age he begat
mend heidied... 0 8 os Ae ye aegis
came to pass that Levi did serve in captivity
e death of hie father, for the space of forty and

   

 
   
 
  
