wickedness. And they hearkened not unto the voice
of the Lord, because of their wicked combinations;
wherefore’there began to be, wars and contentions in
all’the land, and also many famines -and pestilences,
insomuch that there was a great destruction, such an
one as never had been known upon the face'of the
earth, and all this came to pass in the days of Shiblom.
And the people begari to repent-of their iniquity; and
comme as they-did, the Lord did have mercy on
them... woes gee shed

And it came to pass that Shiblom. wae'slain, and
Seth was brought into captivity; and did dwell:in
captivity all’his days.. And.it came to pass that Ahah,
his son, did obtain the kingdom; and he did reign over
the people all his days: ie did®do all manner of
iniquity inhis days, by: he did cause the shed-
ding’of much blood; and’ few were’ his days. And
Ethem, being a descendant of Ahah, did, obtain the
kingdom; and he also did do that which. was wicked
in his days. And it came’ to’’pass’ in’ the days of
Ethem, there came many prophets’ and prophesied
again unto the people; yea; they did prophesy that
the Lord would utterly destroy them from off the face
of the earth, except they repented of their iniquities.
And it came to pass that the people hardened their
hearts, and would not: kearken unto: their words; and
the prophets mourned and withdrew from among the
people. ke ft

_ And it came to pass that Ethem did execute judg-
ment in wickedness all his days; and he begat Moron..
And it came to pass that Moron did reign in his stead;
and Moron did that which was wicked before the Lord,
And it came to pass that’ there arose a rebellion among
the: people, because of that secret combination which
was built up to'get power and gain; and’ there arose
a mighty manamong them in iniquity, and gave-bat-
tle unto Moron in which he did overthrow the half of
the kingdom; and he did maintain the half of the king-
dom for'many'years. And itcame to pass that Moron
did overthrow’ him,-anddid. obtain the kingdomagain.
And it came to pass that there arose another mighty
man; arid he'was a descendant of the brother of Jared.
nd it came to pass that he did overthrow Moron and
obtain’ the kingdom; wherefore: Morondwelt in cap-:
tivity all the’ remainder of his days} and he begat

   
 

   

. Coriantor.

     
 
