And it came to pass that Coriantor dwelt in captivity
all his days. And in the days of Coriantor there also
came many prophets, and prophesied of great and
marvelous things,and cried repentance unto the people,
and except.they should repent, the Lord God would
execute judgment against them to their.utter destruc-
tion; and that the Lord God would send or bring
forth, another people to possess-the land, by his power,
after the manner which he brought their fathers..
And they did reject ail the words of the prophets, be-
eause of their secret-society and wicked abominations.
And it came to pass that Corianter begat Ether, and
he died, having dwelt in captivity all his days.

: CHAPTER V.

Anp it came to pass that the days of Ether were in
the days of Coriantumr; and Coriantumr was king
oyer all the land. And Ether was'a prophet of the
Lord; wherefore Ether came-.forth in the days of Co-
rianiumr, and began to prophesy unto the people, for
he could not be restrained because ofthe spirit of
the Lord which was in.him; for he did ery from the
morning, even.until the going down of the sun, ex-
horting the people to, believe in-God unto repentance,

lest they should be. destroyed, saying unto them, that

by faith all things are fulfilled; wherefore, whoso be-
lieveth in God, might with surety hope’ for a better
world, yea, even a place at the right hand of God,
which hope cometh of faith, maketh an anchor to the
souls of men, which would make them sure and stead-
fast, always abounding in good works, being led to glo-
tify God., And.it came to pass that Ether did prophesy
great.and marvelous things unto the people, which
they did not believe, because they saw them not. .And
now. I, Moroni, would. speak somewhat concernin
these things;.I would shew unto the world. that faith
is:things which are hoped for and not seen; wherefore,..

. dispute not becanse ye see not, for ye receive no wit-
ness until.after the trial of your faith, for it. was by:
faith that. Christ shewed himself unto our fathers, after
he'had xisen. from the dead; and he shewed not him-
