he cannot be a servant of the devil.. Wherefore, all
things which are good, cometh of God; and that which
is evil, cometh of the devil; for the devil is an enemy
unto God, and fighteth against him continually, and
inviteth and enticeth to sin, and to do that which 'is
evil continually. But behold, that which is of God,
inviteth and enticeth to do good continually; where-
fore, every thing which inviteth and enticeth to-do
good, and to love God, and to serve him, is inspired
of God. Wherefore take heed, my beloved brethren,
that ye do not judge that which is evil to be of God,
or that which is good and ef God, to be of the devil.
For behold, my brethren, it is given unto you to judge,
that ye may know good from evil; and the way to
judge is as plain, that ye may know with a perfect
ane eet as the daylight is from the dark night.
For behold, the spirit of Christ is given to every man,
that they may know good from evil; wherefore I shew
unto you the way to judge: for every thing which in-
viteth to. do good, and to persuade to believe in Christ,
is sent forth by the power and gift of Christ; where-
fore ye may know with a perfect. knowledge, it is of
God; but whatsoever thing persuadeth men to do evil,
and believe not in Christ, and deny him, and serve not
God, then ye may know with a perfect knowledge it
is of the devil, for after this manner doth the devil
work, for he persuadeth no man to do good, no not
one; neither doth his angels; neither do they who
subject themselves unto him.

Koi now my brethren, seeing that ye know the
light by.which ye may judge, which light is the light
of Christ, see that. ye do not judge wrongfully; for
with that same judgment which ye judge, ye shall al-
so be judged. Wherefore I beseech of you, brethren,
that ye should search diligently in the hight of Christ,
that ye may know good from evil; and if ye will lay
hold upon every good thing, and condemn it not, ye
certainly will be a child of Christ. And now, my
brethren, how is it possible that ye can lay hold upon
every good thing? And now I come to that faith, of
ny said I would speak; and I will tell.you the
way whereby ye may lay hold on every good: thing.
For behold, God knowing all things, being from ever-
lasting to everlasting, behold, he sent angels to minis-
ter unto-the children of men, to make manifest con-
cerning the coming: of Christ; and in Christ there
should come:every good thing. And God also declar-

apt
