ed unto prophets, by his own. month,’ that: Christ
should come. And behold, there were diverse ways
that he did manifest things unto the children of men,
which were good; and all things which are good,
cometh of Christ, otherwise men were fallen, and
there could no good thing come unto them. Where-
fore, by the ministering of angels, and by every word
which proceeded forth out of the mouth of God, men
began:1o-exercise faithin Christ; and-thus by faith,
they'did lay hold upon every good thing; and thus it
was until. the coming of Christ. And after that he
came, mien also were saved by faith in his name; and
by. faith, they-become the sons of God... And as sure
as Christ liveth, he spake these words unto our fa-
thers, saying, whatsoever thing ye shall ask the Fa-
ther in my name; which is good, in faith’ believing
that: ye suall receive, behold, it shall be done unto
you. Wherefore, my beloved brethren, hath miracles
ceased, because Christ:hath ascended into heaven, and
hath set down on the:right hand of God, to-claim of
the Father his rights of mercy which he hath upon
the children of men; for he hath answered the ends of
_ thedaw, and he claimeth all those who have faith in
him; and they who have faith in him, will cleave un-
to-every good thing; wherefore he:-advocateth the
cause of the children of men; and he dwelleth eternal-
ly. in the heavens., And-because he hath done. thie,
my beloved brethren, hath miracles ceased? Behold I
say unto you, nay; neither have-angels ceased. to
minister unto the children of men.: For behold, they
are subject unto him, to:minister according to the
word of his command, shewing themselves unto them
of strong faith and a firm mind, in every form’of gad-
liness. - And the office of their ministry is, to~ call
.. Men unto repentance, and to fulfil and to do the work
of the covenants of the Father which’ he hath made
unto the children of men, to prepare the: way among
the children of men, by deelaring the word of Christ
unto the chosen vensake the Lund, that they. may
bear testimony of him; and by so doing, the Lord
God:prepareth the way that the residue of men may
have faith in Christ,:that the Holy Ghost:may: have
place in their hearts, aecordingto the’ power thereof;
and after this manner bringetl: to pass the Father the
covenants: which -he hath: made -unto the children of
men. And’ Christ: hathsaid; if ye will have faith in
me,-ye shall have po.vertodo whatsoever thing is ex-
