pedient in me. And he hath said, repent.all ye ends
of the earth, and:come unto me and be baptized:in
my name, and'have faith in me, that ye may be saved,
And now my beloved bretliren, if this:be the.case
that: these things are true which I have spoken unto
you, and God will shew unto you with power and
great glory at:the Jast day, that they are true; andif
they are true, has the day of miracles ceased? or have
angels ceased to appear unto the children of men?.
or has he withheld the power of the Holy Ghost from
them? or will he, so -long.as time shail last, or the
earth shall stand, or there shall be one man upon the
face thereof to be saved?) Behold I say unto you:nay;
for it-is by faith that miracles are wrought; and.it 18
by faith that angels appear and minister-unto men;
wherefore if these things have ceased, wo be unto the
children of men, for itis because of unbelief, and all is
vain; for no man can b2 saved, according to the words
of Christ, saveithey shall have faith in his name;
wherefore, if these things have ceased, then has faith
ceased also; and awful is the state of man; for they
are as though there-had been no redemption made..
But behold, my beloved brethren, I judge better things
of-you, for I judge that yehave faith in Christ-because
of your meekness; for if ye have not faith in him, then
ye ate not fit'to be numbered among the people of his
church. And again my beloved brethren, 1. would
speak unto you concerning hope. . How is it that-ye
can attain unto faith, save ye shall have hope? And
what is it that ye shall hope for?. Behold say unto
you, that ye shall have hope through the atonement of
Christ-and the power of bis resurrection, tobe raised
unto’ life eternal; and this because of your faith in
him according to the: promise; wherefore, if:a man
drave faith, he must needs have hope; -for-without faith
there cannot be any hope. And again, behold I say un-
to you, that he cannot have faith and hope; save:he
shall be meek, and lowly of heart; ifso, his faith and
hope is'vain, for:none is acceptable before God, save
the'meek> and-lowly of heart; and if a man be meek
and lowly in heart, and confesses by: the power of the
Holy Ghost; that Jesus:is tle.Christ, he must: needs
have-charity; for if hehave not charity, he is nothing;
wherefore he must needs have charity... And:charity
suffereth long, and is kind, and envieth not, andis not
puffed ap; seeketh not her:own; is not easily provoked,
thinketh novevil, and rejoiceth not in iniquity, but re
