saith that little children: need baptism, denieth the
mercies of Christ, and setteth at nought the atonement
of him and the powerof his redemption. Wo unto
such, for .they. are in danger of death, -hell, and an
endless. torment. I speak it boldly, God hath ecom-
manded me. Listen unto them: and give heed, or they
stand against-you at the judgment seat of Christ..
Por behold that: all little children are alive in. Christ,
and aiso all they that are without the law. For the
power of redemption cometh on all they that have no
Jaw; wherefore, he that ig not condemned, or he that
is under no-condemnation, cannot repent; and unto
such baptism availeth nothing, But it is mockery be-
fore God, denying the mercies of Christ; and the pow-
erof his holy spirit, and putting trust in dead works.
Behold, my son; this thing ought not to be; for re-
pentance js unto them.that are under condemnation,
and under the curse of a broken law. And the first
fruits of repentanceis: baptism; and baptism cometh
by faith, unto the fulfilling the commandments; and
the fulfilling the commandments bringeth remission of
sins; /and the remission of sins’bringeth meekness, and
lowliness of heart; and because of meekness and lowli-
ness of heart, cometh the visitation of the Holy Ghost,
which comforter filleth with hope and: perfect love,
which Joye endureth by diligence unto prayer, until
the’ end-shali come, when all-the saints shall dwell
with: God. Behold; my: son, I will write unto you
again, if I go not out soon against the Lamanites..
Behold, the pride of this nation, or-the people of the
Nephites; hath proven their destruction, except they
should repent. ~ Pray for them, my \son, that repent-
ance may come: unto them. © But behold, I fear lest
the spirit hath ceased striving with: them; and in this
part of the land they are also seeking to put down all
power and: authority, which cometh from God; and
they:are denying the Holy Ghost. And after reject-
ing so -greata knowledge, my son, they must perish
soon, unto the fulfilling of the prophecies-which were
spoken by the prophets, as well aa the words’of our

vior himself. : Farewell, my gon, until I shall write
unto you, or shall meet youagaim,. Amen >
