they have done this, they devour their flesh like unto
wild beasts, because of the hardness of their hearts;
and they do it fora token of bravery. O my beloved
son, how can a people like this, that are without civi-
lization; (and only a few years have passed away, and
they were a civil and adelightsome people;) but O
my son, how can a people like this, whose delight is
in so much abomination, how can we expect that.God
will stay.his hand in judgment against us? Behold,
my heart cries wo unto this people. Come outsin
judgment, O God, and hide their sins, and wickedness,
and abominations from before thy face. And again,
my son, there are many widows and their daughters,
who remain in Sherrizah; and that,part of the provis-
ions whick the Lamanites.did not carry away, behold,
the army of Zenephi has carried away, and left them
to wander whithersoever they can for food; and many
old women do faint by the way and die. And the ar-
my which is with me, is weak; and the armies of the
Lamanites are betwixt Sherrizah and me; and as ma-
ny as have fledto the army of Aaron, have fallen yvic-
tims to their awful brutality. O the depravity of my
eople! they are without order and without mercy..
Behold, I am but a man, and I have but. the strength
of.a man, and I cannot any longer enforce my com-
mands; and they haye become strong in their perver-
sion; and they are alike brutaly sparing none, neither
old nor young; and they delight in every thing save
that which is good; and the sufferings of our women
and our children upon: all the face of this land, doth
exceed every thing; yea, tongue cannot tell, neither
can it be written. And now my’son, I dwell-no lon-
ger upon this horrible scene. Behold, thou knowest
the wickedness of this people; thou knowest that they
are. without principle, and past feeling; and their
wickedness doth exceed that of the Lamanites, -Be-
hold, my son, I cannot. recommend -them unto. God
lest be should smite me. But behold, my. son, I rec-
ommend thee unto.God, and T trust.in Christ that,
thou wilt be saved; and J pray unto God that he would
spare thy life, to witness the return of his people unto
him, or their utter destruction; for I know that they
must perish, except they repent-and return unto him;
and if they perish it will be like unto the Jaredites, be-
cause of the wilfulness of their hearts, seeking for
blood and-revenge. Andif it so bethat they perish,
. we know that. many of our brethren have dissented

a RE
