is, by the power of the Holy Ghost; wherefore I would
exhort you, that ye deny not the power of God; for
he worketh by power, according to the faith of the
children of men, the same to-day and to-morrow, and
forever. And again IT exhort you, my brethren, that
ye deny not the gifts of God, for they are many; and
they come from the same God. And there are differs
ent ways that these gifts are administered;. but it is
the same God who worketh all in all; and they are
given by the manifestations of the spirit of God unto
men, to profit them. For behold, to one is given by
the spirit of God, that he may teach the word of wis-
dom; and to another, that he may teach the word of
knowledge by the same spirit; and to another, exceed-
ing great faith; and to another, the gifts of healing by
the same spirit. And again, to another, that he may
work mighty miracles; and again, to another that he
may prophesy concerning all things; and again, to
another, the beholding of angels and ministering spir-
its; and again, to another, all kinds of tongues; and
again, to another, the interpretation of languages and
af divers kinds of tongues. And all these gifts come
by the spirit of Christ; and they come unto every
man severally, according as he will. And I would’ex-
hort you, my beloved brethren, that ye remember that
every good gift cometh of Christ. And I would ex-
hort you, my beloved brethren, that ye remember that
he is the same yesterday, to-day, and forever, and that
all these gifts of which I have spoken, which are spir-
itual, never will be done away, even as long as the
world shall stand, only according to the unbelief of
the children of men. Wherefore, there must be faith;
and if there must be faith, there must also be hope;
and if there must be hope, there must also be charity;
and except ye have charity, ye can in no wise be sav-
ed in the kingdom of God; neither can ye be saved in
the kingdom of God, if-ye have not faith; neither can
ye if ye have no hope; and if ye have no hope, ye
must needs be in despair; and despair cometh because,
of iniquity. And Christ truly said unto our fathers, if
ye have faith, ye can do all things. which is expedient
unto me. And now I speak unto all the: ends of the
earth, that if the day cometh that the power and gifts
of God shall be done away among you, it shall be be-
cause of unbelief. And wo. be unto the. children of
men, if this be the case;.for there shall be none that
doeth good among you, no not-one. For if there be

 
