THE FIRST BOOK OF NEPHI

HIS REIGN AND MINISTRY

An account of Lehi and his wife Sariah, and his four sons, being called, (be-
ginning at the eldest) Laman, Lemuel, Sam, and Nephi. The Lord warns Lehi
to depart out of the land of Jerusalem, because he prophesieth unto the people
concerning their iniquity and they seek to destroy his life. He taketh three days’
journey into the wilderness with his family. Nephi taketh his brethren and
returneth to the land of Jerusalem after the record of the Jews. The account of
their sufferings. They take the daughters of Ishmael to wife. They take their
families and depart into the wilderness. Their sufferings and afflictions in the
wilderness. The course of their travels. They come to the large waters. Nephi’s
brethren rebel against him. He confoundeth them, and buildeth a ship. They
call the name of the place Bountiful. They cross the large waters into the
promised land, and so forth. This is according to the account of Nephi; or in
other words, I, Nephi, wrote this record.

CHAPTER 1

Nephi begins the record of his people.
Lehi sees in vision a pillar of fire and
reads from a book of prophecy.He
praises God, foretells the coming of the
Messiah, and prophesies the destruction
of Jerusalem.He is persecuted by the
Jews. About 600 B.c.

 NEPHI, having been born
Je goodly parents, therefore I

was taught somewhat in all the
learning of my father; and having
seen many afflictions in the course
of my days, nevertheless, having
been highly favored of the Lord in all
my days; yea, having had a great
knowledge of the goodness and
the mysteries of God, therefore I
make a record of my proceedings
in my days.

2 Yea, I make a record in the lan-
guage of my father, which consists
of the learning of the Jews and the
language of the Egyptians.

3 And I know that the record which
I make is true; and I make it with
mine own hand; and I make it ac-
cording to my knowledge.

4 For it came to pass in the com-
mencement of the first year of the
reign of Zedekiah, king of Judah,
(my father, Lehi, having dwelt at
Jerusalem in all his days); and in
that same year there came many
prophets, prophesying unto the
people that they must repent, or
the great city Jerusalem must be
destroyed.

5 Wherefore it came to pass that
my father, Lehi, as he went forth
prayed unto the Lord, yea, even
