jens and in dreams; and he also hath written many things
which he prophesied and spake unto his children, of which I
shall not make a full account; but 1 shall make an-account of
my proceedings in my days—Bchold T make an abridgment. of
ihe record of ny father, upon plates which I have made with
mine own hands; wherefore, after that I have abridged the
vecord of my father, then will Tmeke an account of mine own
lifes

Therefore, 1 would that ye should know thatafter the Lord
had sheyen so many marvellous things unto my father Lehi,
yea, concerning the destruction of Jerusalem, behold he went
forth among the people, and began to prophesy and to de-
clare unto them concerning the things which he had both seen
and heard.

‘And it came to pass that the Jews did mock him because
of the things which he testified of them; for he truly testified
of their wickedness their abominations ; and he testified
that the things which he saw and heard, and also the things
which he read in the Book, manifested plainly of the coming
of a Messiah, and also the redemption of the world,  &

And when the Jews heard these things, they were stat

 

 

ie

with him ; yea, even as with the prophets of old, whom the :
cast out and stoned and slain; and they also sought lus Iie,”
that they might takeit away. But behold, 1, Nephi, will shew *
unto you that the tender mercies of the Lord is over all them
whom he hath chosen, because of their faith, to make them
mighty even unto the power of deliverance. i

For behold it came to pass that the Lord spake unto my fa-
ther, yea, even in a dream, and sayeth unto him, Blessed art
thou Lehi, because of the things which thou hast done; and be-
cause thou hast been faithful and declared unto. this people the
things which I commanded thee, behold they seek to take
away thy life.

And it'camé to pass that the Lord commanded my father, |
even in a dream, that he should take his family and depart into
the wilderness. And it-came to pass that he was obedient. un-
io the word of the Lord, wherefore he did as the Lord com-
manded him. Saha

And it came to pass that he departed into the wilderness.
And he left his house, and the land of his inheritance, and his
gold, and his silver, and his precious things, and toolr nothing
~ with him save it were his family, and provisions, and tents, atid
he departed into the wilderness; and he came down by the~
