borders near. the shore of the Red Seca 3 and he travelled i
the wildemess, in the borders, which was nearer the Red Sea;
and he did travel in the wilderness with his famil ly; which con-
sisted of my mother, Sariah, and my elder brothers, which
were Laman, Lemuel and Sam.

And it came to pass that when he had travelled three days
in the wilderness, he pitched his tent in a valley besidea river
of water. And it came to pass that he built an altar of stones,
and he made an offering unto the Lord, and gave thanks unto
the Lord our God, And it came to pass that he called the
name of the river Laman, and it émpticd into the Red Sea;
and the valley was in the borders neat the mouth thereof,

And when my father saw that the waters of the river emp-
tied into the forntain of the Red Sea, he spake unto Laman,
saying: O that thou mightest be like unto this river, continually
running into the fountain of all righteousness. And he ‘also
spake unto Lemuel: O that thou mightest be like unto this yal-
ley, firm, and steadfast, and immoyeable in keeping the com-
mandments of the Lord. Now this he spake because of the
stifineckedness of Laman and Lemuel; for behold, they did

urmur inmany things against their father, because that he

sa visionary man, and that he had led them out of the land

Yerusalem, to leave the land of their inheritance, and their

gold, and their silver, and their precious things, and to perish
in the wilderness, And this they said he had done beeause of
the foolish imaginations of his heart. And thus Laman and
Lemuel, being the eldest, did murmur against their father,—.
And they did munaur because they knew not the dealings of
that God who had created them. Neither did they believe that
Jerusalem, that great city, could be destroyed aecording to the
words of the prophets. And they were like unto the Jews,
which were at Jerusalem, which sought to take away the life of"
my father,

And it came to pass that my father did speak unto them in
the valley of Lemuel, with power, being filled with the spirit,
until their frames did shake before him. And he did confound
them, that they durst not utter against -him; wherefore they
did do as he commanded them. And my father dwelt in 2
tent.

And it came to pass that I, Nephi, being exceeding young,
nevertheless being large in stature, and also having great de-
sires to know of the mysteries of God, wherefore I did cry
Yate the Lord; and behold he did visite, and did soften my
