And it came to pass that after this manner of language did
1 persuade my brethren, that they might be faithful in keeping
the commandments ef God. And it came to pass thal we
went down to tlie land of our inheritance, and we did gather to-
gether our gold, and our silver, and our precious thit And
after that we had gathered these things together, we went up
again anto the house of Laban. ‘

And it came to pass that we went in unto Laban, and desired
him that he would give unto us the records which were engra-
ven upon the plates of brass, for which we would give unto
him our gold, and our silver, and all our precious things.

And it came to pass that when Laban saw our property, and
that it was exceeding great, he did Just after it, insomuch that
he thrust us out, and sent his servanis to slay us, that he might
obtain our property. And it came to pass that we did flee be-
fore the servants of Laban, and we were obliged to leave behind
our property, and it fell into the hands of Laban.

And it came to pass that we fled into the wilderness, and the
servants of Laban did not overtake us, and we hid ourselves
in the cavity of arock, And it came to pass that Laman wa:
angry with me, and also with my father ; and also was Lemuel}
for he hearkened unto the words of Laman. Wherefore [i
man and Lemuel did speak many hard words unto us, their
younger brothers, and they did smite us even with a rod,

And it came to pass as they smote us with a rod, behold an
angel of the Lord came and stood before them, and he spake
untothem saying: Why do ye smite your younger brother with
arod? Know yenot that the Lord hath chosen him to be a
ruler over you, and this because of your iniquities? Behold
thou shalt go up to Jerusalem again, and the Lord will deliver

an into your hands, And after that the angel had spoken

ous, he departed, And after that the angel had departed,
Laman and Lemuel again began to murmur, saying, how is it
possible that the Lord will deliver Laban into our hands? Be-
hold be is a mighty man, and he can command filty, yea, even
he can slay fifty; then why not us?

And it came to pass that J spake unto my brethren, saying:
Let us go up again unto Jerusalem, and let us be faithful in
icecping the commandments of the Lord; for behold he is
mightier than all the earth, then why not mightier than Laban
and his fifty, yea, or even than his tens of thousands. There-
fore letus go up; let us be strong like unto Moses: For he
truly spake unto the waters of the Red Sca, and they divided

 

   

  
