hither and thither, and our fathers came through out of cap-
tivity on dry ground, and the armies of Pharaoh did follow and
were drowned in the waters of the Red Sea, Now behold
ye know that this is trae; and ye also know that an angel
hath spoken unto you, wherefore can ye doubt, Let us go
up; the Lord is able to deliver us, even as our fathers, and to
destroy Laban, even as the Egyptians.

Now when I had spoken these words, they were yet wroth,
and did still continue to murmur; Nevertheless they did fol-
low me up until we came without the walls of Jerusalem. And
it was by night; and I caused that they should hide them-
selyes without the walls. And after that they had hid them-
selves, I, Nephi, crept into the city and went forth towards the
house of Laban. And I was led by the spirit, not knowing
heforehand the things which I should do. Nevertheless I
went forth, and as I came near unto the house of Laban, I be-
held a man, and he had fallen to the earth before me, for he
was drunken with wine. And when I came to him, I found
that it was Laban. And I beheld his sword, and I drew it
forth from the sheath thereof, and the hilt thereof was of pure
gold, and the workmanship thereof was exceeding fine; and
1 saw that the blade thereof was of the most precious sicel.

And it came to pass that I was constrained by the spirit
that { should kill Laban; but I said in my heart, never at any
time haye I shed the blood of man, and ¥ shrunk and would
that I might not slay him. And the spirit saith unto me again,
behold the Lord hath delivered him into thy hands; yea, and
J also knew that he had sought to take away mine own life;
yea, and he would not hearken unto the commandments of
the Lord; and he also had taken away our property.

And it came to pass that the spirit said unto me again, s
him, forthe Lord hath delivered himinto thy hands. Behold
Lord slayeth the wicked to bring forth his righteous purposes :
It is better that one man should perish, than that a nation
should dwindle and perish in unbelief.

And now, when I, Nephi, had heard these words, 1 remem-
bered the words of the Lord which he spake unto me in the
wilderness, saying, that inasmuch as thy seed shall keep my
commandments, they shall prosper in the land of promise,—
¥ca, and [also thought that they could not keep the com-
mandments of the Lord according to the law of Moses, save
they should have the law. And I also knew that the law was
engrayen upon the plates of brass. And again—I knew that
