the Lord had delivered Laban into my hands, for this cause :
that I might obtain the records according to his commmand-
menis. Therefore I did obey the voice of the spirit, and took
Laban by the hair of the head, and I smote off his head with
his own sword.

And after that [had smitten off his head with his own sword,
[took the garments of Laban and put them upon mine own
body ; yea, even every whit; and I did gird on bis armour
about my loins. And after that 1 had done this, ] went forth
unto the treasury of Laban. And as I went forth towards the
treasury of Laban, behold Isaw the servant of Laban which had
the keys of the treasury. And I commanded him in the voice
of Lahan, that he should go with me intothe treasury; andhe
supposed me to be his master, Laban, for he beheld the gar-
ments, and also the sword girted about my loins. And he
spake unto me concerning the elders of the Jews, he know-
ing that his master Laban had been out by night among them.
And I spake unto him as if it had been Laban. And I also
spake unto him that I should carry the engravings which were
upon the plates of brass, to my elder brethren, which were
without the walls. And I also bade him that he should fol-
low me, nd he, supposing that I spake of the brethren of
the church, and that [ was truly that Laban whom! had slain,
wherefore he did follow me. And he spake unto me many
times concerning the elders of the Jews, as I went forth unto
my brethren, which were without the walls. ’

And il came to pass that when Laman saw me, he was ex-
ceedingly frightencd, and also Lemuel and Sam. And they
fled from before my presence; for they supposed it was La-
ban, and that he had slain me, and had sought to take away
their lives also. :

* And it came to pass,that I called after them, and they did
ear me; wherefore they did cease to flee from my presence.
And it came to pass,that when the servant of Laban beheld
my brethren, he begaii'to tremble, and was about to flee from
before me and retjfra to the city of Jerusalem.

And now I, Nephi, being a man large in stature, and also
haying received much strength of the Lord, therefore I did
a upon the servent of Laban, and held him, that he should
not flee. t

And It came to pass that I spake with him, that if he would
hearken unto my words, as the Lord liveth and as I live, even
so that if he would hearkea unto our words, we would spare
