his life. And I spake unto him, eyen with an oath, that he
need not fear; thai he should be a free man like unto us, if
he would go down in the wilderness with us. And I also
spake unto him, saying, surely the Lord hath commanded us
to do this thing. Aud shall we not be diligent in keeping the
commandments of the Lord? Therefore, if thou wilt go down
into the wilderness to my father, thou shalt have place with us,

And it came to pass that Zoram did take courage at the
words whieh I spake. Now Zoran was the nume of the ser-
vant; and he promised that he would go down into the wil
derness unto our futher. And he also made an oath unto us

thar he would tarry with us from that time forth. Now we

= were desirous that he should tarry with us for this cause: that
the Jews might not know concerning our tight into the wilder-
ness, lest they should pursue us and destroy us.

And it came to pass that when Zoram had made an oath unto
us, our fears did cease concerning him. And it came to pass
that we took the plates of brass and the servant of Laban, and
departed into the wilderness, and journied unto the tent of
our father.

And it came to pass that after we had came down into the

; + ie unto our father, behold he was filled with jov, and
also my mother, Sariah, was exceeding glad, for sic truly had
mourned because of us; for she had supposed that we had per-
ished in the wilderness; and she also had complained againsé

My father, telling him that he was a visionary man ; saying,

ao hast led us forth from the land of bur inheri(ance,
2

 

 

 

 

sons are no more, and we perish in the wilderness,
_ And after this manner of language had my mother complained
against my father.
And it had came to pass that my father spake unto her say-
ing: Lknovy that [ am a visionary mang for if I had not sce,
thd things of God ina vision, I shoul not have known i
goodness of God, but had tarried at Jernsalem and had per-
ished with my brethren. But beheld, Witave obtained a land
of promise, in the which thing I do rejoftes yea, and I know
that the Lord will deliver my sous out of RE hands of Laban,
and bring them down again unto us in the wilderness. And
aftenthis manner of language did my father Lehi comfort my
mother Sariah, concerning us, while we journied in the wil-
derness up to the land of Jerusalem, to obtaiti the record of
the Jews.

And when we had returned to the tdnt of my father, behold
