ded us, and searched them and found that they were desirable;
yea, even of great worth unto us, insomuch that we could
preserve the commandments of the Lord unto our children.
Wherefore it was wisdom in the Lord that we should carry
them with us, as we journied in the wilderness towards the
Fand of promise.

cee
" 1

_ CHAPTER IL |
|

Awp now I, Nephi, do not give the genealogy of my fathers in_
this part. of my record; neither at any time shall I give it after |
upon these plates which I am writing; for it is given in the —
record which has heen kept by my father; wherefore I do
not write it in this work, For it sufficeth me to say, that we
are a descendant of Joseph. And it mattereth not to me that |
1am particular to give a full account of all the things of my |
father, for they cannot be written upon these plates, for I de-
sive the room, that | may write of the things of God. For the
fullness of mine intent is that I may persuade men to come
unto the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God
of Jacob, aud be saved. Wherefore the things which are
pleasing unto the world, I do not write, but the things which
are pleasing unto God and unto them which are not of the
world. Wherefore 1 shall give commandment unto my seed,
that they shall not occupy these plates with things which are

ot of worth unto the children of men. And now I would
on. yemight know, that after my father Lehi had made an end
of -prophesying concerning his seed, it came to pass that the
Lord spake unto him again, saying, that it was not mete for
im, Lehi, that he should take his family into. the nl
alone; but that his sons should take daughters to wife, tha!
they might raise up seed unto the Lord in the land of promise.

And it came to pass that the Lord commanded him that. I,
Nephi, and my brethren, should again return unto the land of:
Jerusalem, and bring down Ishmael and his family into the
wilderness,

_And iteame to passthat I, Nephi, did again, with my breth-

» Ten, go forth into the wilderness to go up to Jerusalem. And
it came to pass that we went up unto the house of Ishmacl, —
and we did gain favor in the sight of Ishmael, insomuch that —
we did speak unto him the words of the Lord.
