And it came to pass that the Lord did soften the heart of
Ishmael, and also his household, insomuch that they took their
journey with us down into the wilderness to the tent of our fa-
ther. And it came to pass that as we journied in the wilder-
ness, behold, Laman and Lemuel, and two of the daughters of
Ishmael, and the two sons of Ishmael, and their families, did
vebel agamst us; yea, against I, Nephi, and Sam, and their
father, Ishmael, and his wife, and his three other daughters.

And it came to pass in the which rebellion, they were desi-
rous to return unto the land of Jerusalem. And now I, Nephi,
being grieved for the hardness of their hearts, therefore | spake
unto them, saying; yea, even unto Laman and unto T.emuel, be-
hold, thou art mine elder brethren; and how is it that ye are
so hard in your hearts, and so blind in your minds, that ye have
need that I, your younger brother, should speak unto you, yea,
and set an example for you? How is it that ye have not heark-
ened unto the word of the Lord? How is it that ye have for-
gotten that ye have seen an angel of the Lord? Yea, and how
is itthat ye have forgotten how great things the Lord haih done
tor us, in delivering us out of the hands of Laban, and also
that we should obtain the record? Yea, and how is it that ye
have forgotten that the Lord is able to do all things, according
io his will, for the children of men, if itso be that they exercise
faith in him; wherefore, Jet us be faithful in him. And if it se
be that we are faithful in him, we shall obtain the land of prom-
ise; and ye shall know at some future period, that the word of
the Lord shall be fulfilled, concerning the destructio :
salem; for all things which the Lord hath spo
the destruction of Jerusalem, must be fulfilled.
dhe spirit of the Lord ceaseth soon to strive with them; for, be-.
hold, they have rejected the prophets, and Jeremiah have they
“east into prison, And they have sought to take away the life of
my father, insomuch that they have driven him out of the land.

Now, behold, I say unto you, that if ye will retun unto Je-
rusalem, ye shall also perish with them. And now, if ye have
choice, go up to the land, and remember the words which I
speak unto you, thatif ye go, ye will also perish; for thus the
spirit of the Lord constraincth me that I should spealr.

And it came to pass that when I, Nephi, hadspoken these
words unto my brethren, they were angry with me. And it
came to pass that they did lay their hands upon me ; for, heheld,
they were exceeding wroth; and they did bind me with cord, .

   
 
  
