for they xouzht to take away my life, that they might leave me _

in the wilderness, to be devoured by wild heasts. i

But itcame to pass that [prayed unto the Lord, saying: G
Lord, according to my faith which is in thee, wilt thou deliver
me from the hands of my brethren; yea, even give me strength
that 1 may burst these bands with which fam bound.

Andit came to pass that when I had said these words, he-
hold, the bands were loosed {rom off my hands end feet, and 1
stood before my brethren, and 1 spake unto themagain. And
jt came to pass that they were angry with me again, and sought —
to lay hands upon me; but, behold, one of the daughters of ©
fehmael, yea, and also her mother, end one of the sons of Ish-
mael, did plead with my brethren, insomuch that they did soft-
en their hearts; and they did cease striving to take away wy
Jife.

And it came to pass that they were sorrowful, because of
their wickedness, insomuch that they did bow down before

- me, and did plead with me, that I would forgive them of the
thing that they had done against me.

And it came to pass that I did frankly forgive them all that
they had done, and J did exhort them that they would pray unto
the Lord their God, for forgiveness. And it came to pass that
they did so. And after that they had done praying unto the
Lord, we did again travel on our journey toward the tent of

our father. |
And it came to,pass that we did come down unto the tent
ef our father. And after that land my brethren, and all the
se of Ishmael, had come down unto the tent of my father,

ey did give thanks unto the Lord their God; and they did
offer eacrifice and burnt offerings unto him.

‘Andit came to pass that we had gathered together all man- —
ner of seeds of every kind; both of grain of every kind, and
alvo of the seeds of fruits of every kind. And it came to pass
that while my father tarried in the wilderness, he speke unto
ng: Behold, I have dreamed a dream; or, m other
words, | have seen a vision. And behold, because of the thing
which f have seen, | have reason to rejoice in the Jiord, be-
eause of Nephi, end also of Sam; for I have reason to sup-

ose that they, and also many of their seed, will be saved.—

uf, behold, Laman and Lemuel, 1 fear exceedingly, because
offyou; for, behold, me thought I ssw a dark and dreary wil
aerness. a a

 

 

 
  

 
