And it came to pass that I saw aman, and he was dressed it
a white robe; and he came and stood before me, And it
came to pass that he spake unto me, and bade me follow him.
And it came to pass that us 1 followed him, and after I had
followed him, I beheld myself that Iwasin adark and dreary.
waste. And after that I had travelled for the space of many
hours in darkness, 1 began to pray unto the Lord, ihat he
would have mercy on me, according to the multitude of his
tender mercies.

And it came to pass that after I had prayed unta the Lord,
T beheld a large and spacious field. And it came to pass that I
beheld a tree, whose fruit was desirable, to make one happy.

And it came to pass that ] did go forth, and partake of the
fruit thereof; and I beheld that it was movt sweet, above all
that Iever had before tasted. Yea, and I bebeld that the fruit
thercof was white, to exceed all the whiteness that I had ever
seen. And as I partook of the fruit thereof, it filled my souk
with exceeding great joy; whercfore, I began to be desirous _
that my family should partake of i also; for Tknew that it
vas desirous above all other fruit, And as I cast my eyes
round about, that perhaps I might discover my family also,
1 beheld a river of water; and it ran along, and it was
near the tree of which I was partaking the fruit. “And I look-
ed to behold from whence it came; and [ saw the head there-
of, a little way off; and at the head thereof, I behel
mother Sariah, and Sam, and Nephi; and they stood
knew not whither they should go. ce

And it came to pass that I beckoned unto them; an
did say unto them, with a loud voice, that they should :
unto me, and partake of the fruit, which was desirable above
all other finit,

And it came to pass that they did come unto me, and par-~
take of the fruit also, And it came to pass that I was desi-
rous that Laman and Lemuel should come and partake of the
fruit also; wherefore, I cast mine eyes towards the head of
the river, that perhaps I might see them.

And it came to pass that I saw them, but they would not

come unto me. And I beheld a rod of izoa; and it extended
along the bank of the river, and led to’ the tree by which 1
stood. And I also beheld a straight apd narrow -path, which
came along by the rod of iron, even to .the tree ‘by which E
stood; and it also led by the headof the fountain, unto alarge*
and spacious field, as if it had been. warld ; and I saw nuin=

 
 
   
