pe led with one accord, into the land of promise, unto the fulfill-
ing of the word of the Lord: That we should be scaitered up-
on all the face of the earth. And after that the House of
Israe! should be scattered, they should be gathered together
; or, in fine, that after the Gentiles had received the
fulness of the Gospel, the natural branches of the olive tree,
or the remmants of the House of Israel, should be grafted in, or
come to the knowledge of the true Messiah, their Lord and
their Redeemer. And after this manner of language did my
father prophesy and speak unto my brethren; and also, many
more things, which I do not write in this book; for { have
written as many of them, as were expedient for me, in mine
other book. And all these things of which I have spoken,
was done, as my father dwelt ina tent, in the valiey of Lem-
nel,

And it came to pass that afier I, Nephi, having heard all
the words of my father, concerning the things which he saw
in a vision; and also the things which he spake by the power
of the Holy Ghost ;. which power, he received by faith on Ae
Son of God. And thé. Son-of God was the Messiah, whic!
should come.

And it came to pass that J, Nephi, was desirous also, that 1
might sce, and hear, and know of these things, by the power
of the Ioly Ghost, which is the gift of God unto all those
who diligently seek him, as well in timesof old as in the time
that he should manifest himself unto the children of men; for
he is the same yesterday, to-day, and forever; and the way
is prepared from the foundation of the worldjif it so be that
‘they repent and come unto him; for he that diligently seeketh,
shall find; and the mysteries of God shall be unfolded unto
them, by the power of the Holy Ghost, as well in these times,
as in times of old; and as well in times of old, as in times to
come; wherefore, the course of the Lord is one eternal round. _
Therefore, remember, O man, for all thy doings, thou shalt
be brought into judgment. Wherefore, if ye have sought to do
wickedly in the days of your probation, then ye are found un-
clean before the judgment scat of God; and no unclean thing
can dwell with God; wherefore, ye must be cast off forever.
And the Holy Ghost giveth authority that I should speak thes¢
things, and deny them not. c

_ For it came to pass that after I had desired to know the
things that my father bad seen, and believing that the Lord
ayas able to make them known unto me; wherefore, as 1 #tit

 

 
