unto me, Knowest thou the condescention of God? And [said
unto him, I know that he loveth his children; nevertheless, E
do not know the meaning of all things. And he said unto me,
Behold, the virgin which thou seest, is the mother of God, after
the manner of the flesh.

And it came to pass that I beheld that she was carried away
in the spirit; and after that she had been carried away in the
spirit for the space of a time, the angel spake unto me, saying, .
look! And J looked and beheld the virgin again, bearing a chid
in her arms. And the angel said unto me, behold the Lamb
of God, yea, even the Eternal Father! Knowest (houthe mean- .
ing of the tree which thy father saw? And J answered him,
saying: Yea, itis thelove of God, which sheddeth itself abroad
in the hearts of the children of men; wherefore, it is the most
desirable above all things. And he spake unto. me, saying,
Yea, and the most joyous to the soul. And after that he had
said these words, he said unto me, look! And Hooked, and ¥
beheld the Son of God going forth among the children of men;
and I saw many fall down at his fect and worship him. ;

And it came to pass that Ibcheld that the red of irou which
my father had scen, was the word of God, which led to the
fountain of living waters, or to the tree of life; which waters
are a representation of the love of God; and L also beheld that
the tree of life was a representation of the love of God. And
the angel said unto me again, Look and behold the condescen-
tion of God! And I looked and beheld the Redeemer of the
world, of which my father had spoken; and I also beheld the
prophet, which should prepare the way before him. And the
Lamb of God went forth, and was baptised of him; and after
ihat he was baptised, I beheld the Heavens open, and the Holy
Ghost come down out of Heaven and abode upon him in the
form of a dove, And Ubcheld that he went forth ministering —
unto the people, in power and great glory; and the multitudes —
were gathered together o hear him; and I beheld that they
cast him out from among them. And 1 also beheld twelve:
others following him.

And it came to pass that they were carried away in the
spirit, from before my face, that Isaw them not. And it came
to pass that the angel spake unto me again, saying, look! And
I looked, and I beheld the feavens open again, and I saw an-
gels descending upon the children of men; and they did minis-
ferunto them. And he spake unto me again, saying, look!
And Mooked, and I beheld the Lamb of God going forth among
