the children of men. And Tbcheld multitudes of people which
were sick, and which were afllicted of all manner of diseases,
and with devils, and unclean spirits; and the angelspake, and
shewed all these things unio me. And they were healed by
the power of the Lamb of God; and the devils and the un-
clean spirits were cast out.

And it came to pass that the angel spake unto me again,

» saying, look! And I looked and beheld the Lamb of God, that
he was taken by the people; yea, the Everlasting God, was
judged of the world; and | saw and bear record, And I, Ne-
phi, saw that he was lifted up upon the cross, and slain for
the sins of the world. And after that he was slain, I saw the
rouititiudes of the earth, that they were gathered together to
fight against the apostles of the Lamb; for thus were the
twelve called by the angel of the Lord. And the multitude of
the earth was gathered together; and I beheld that they were
in a large and spacious building, like unto the building which
my father saw. And the angel of the Lard spake unto me
again, saying, Behold the world and the wisdom thereof; yea,
behald, the House of Israel hath gathered together, to fight
against the twelve apostles of the Lamb.

And it came to pass that I saw and bear record, that the
great and spacious building was the pride of the world; and
it fell; and the fall thereof was exceeding great. And the
angel of the Lord spake unto me again, saying: Thus shall be
the destruction of all nations, kindreds, tongues, and people,
that shall fight against the twelve apostles of the Lamb,

And it came to pass that the angel said unto me, Look, and
behold thy seed, and also the sced of thy brethrent And 1
looked and beheld the land of promise; and I beheld multi-
tudes of people, yea, even as it were in number, as many a6
the sand of the sea.

And it came to pass that I beheld multitudes gathered toge-
ther, to battle one against the other; and I beheld wars, and ru-
snors of wars, and great slaughters with the sword among my
people.

And it came to pass that I beheld many generations pass
away, after the manner of wars and contentions in the land ;
re 1 beheld many cities, yea, even that I did not number
them.

And it came to pass that I saw a mist of darkness on the
face of the lund of promise; and I saw lightnings, and I heard
thunderings, and earthquakes, and all manner of tumultuous
