noises; and I saw the carth and the rocks, that they rent;
and I saw mountains tumbling into pieces; and I saw the plains
of the earth, that they were broken up; and ]saw many cities,
that they were sunk; and 1 saw many, that they were burned
with fire; and ]saw many, that they did tumble to the earth,
fecause of the quaking thereof.

And it came to pass that after I saw these things, I saw the
vapor of darkness, that it passed from off the face of the earth 5
and behold, saw multitudes which had fallen, because of the
great and terrible judgments of the Lord. And 1 saw the
Heavens open, and the Lamb of God descending out of Heav-
en; and he came down and shewed himself unto them. And
} also saw and bear record, that the Holy Ghost fell upon twelve
others; and they were ordained of God, and chosen.

And the engel spake unto me, saying: Behold the twelve
disciples of the Lamb, which are chosen to minister unto thy
seed, And he saith unto me, Thou remembereth the twelve
apostles of the Lamb? Behold, they are they which shall'judge
the twelve tribes of Isracl ; wherefore, the twelve ministers of
thy seed, shall be judged of them; for ye are of the house of
Israel; and these twelve ministers which thou beholdest, shall
judge thy seed. And behold, they are righteous forever ; for
because of their faith in the Lamb of God, their garments are
made white in his blood.

And the angel saith unte me, look! And Flooked and beheld
three generations did pass away in righteousness ; and their
garments were while, even like unto the Lamb of God. And
the angel said unto me, These are made white in the blood of
the Lamb, because of their faith in him. And I, Nephi, also
saw many of the fourth generation, which did pass away in
righteousness,

And it came to pass that I saw the multitudes of the earth
gathered together. And the angel said unto me, Behold thy
seed, and also the seed of thy brethren! And it came to pass
that Hooked, and beheld the people of my seed gathered to-
gether in multitudes against the seed of my brethren ; and they
were gathered together to battle.

And the angel spake unto me, saying: Behold the fountain
of filthy water which thy father saw ; yea, even the river of
which he spake; and the depths thereof, are the depths of
hell; and the mists of darkness, are the temptations of the
devil, which blindeth the eyes, and hardeneth the hearts of the
children of men, and leadeth them away into broad roads, that
