ihey may perish, and are lost; and the large and spacious

building which thy father saw, is vain imaginations, and the

pride of the children of men, Andea great and a terrible gulf

divideth them; yea, even the word of the justice of the Eter.

nal God, and Jesus Christ, which is the Lamb of God, of
whom the Holy Ghost bearcth record, from the beginning of
the world until this time, and from this time heneeforth and
forever. And while the angel spoke these words, I beheld and

‘saw that the seed of my brethren did contend against my seed,

according to the word of the angel; and because of the pride
of my seed, and the temptations of the devil, | beheld that the
seed of my brethren did overpower the people of my seed.

And it came to pass that I beheld and saw the people of the
seed of my brethren, that they had overcome my sced; and
they went forth in multitudes upon the face of the land. | And
Isaw them gathered together in multitudes ; and I saw wars,
and rumors of wars among them; and in wars, and rumors of
wars, I saw many generations pass away. And the angel said
unto me, behold, these shall dwindle in unbelief.

And it came to pass that I beheld that after they had dwin-
dled in unbelief, they became a dark, and loathsome, and a
- filthy people, full of idleness and all manner of abominations:
__ And it came to pass that the angel spake unto me saying,
took! And} looked and beheld many nations and kingdoms.
And the angel saith unto me, what beholdest thou? And Tsaid,
behold many nations and kingdoms. And he saith unto me,
these are the nations and kingdoms of the Gentiles.

And it came to pass that | saw among the nations of the
Gentiles, the foundation of a great church. And the angel
said unto me, Behold the foundation of a church, which is
most abominable above all other churches, which slayeth the
Saints of God, yea, and tortureth them and bindeth them down,
and yoketh them with a yoke of iron, and bringeth them down
into captivity.

And if came to pass that I beheld this great and abominable
church; and I saw the devil, thet he was the founder of it.
And I also saw gold, and silver, and silks, and scarlets, and
fine twined linen, and all manner of precious clothing; and
Ysaw many harlots. And the angel spake unto me, saying:
Behold the gold, and the silver, and the silks, and the scartets,
and the fine twined linen, and the precious clothing, and the
barlots, are the desires of this great and aborainable church:
