in the Lamb, in the own duc time of the Lord, unto the Housé
of Israel. 4

And I, Nephi, heard and bear record, that the name of the
Apostle of the Lamb was John, according to the word of the
angel. And, behold, I, Nephi, am forbidden that I should
write the remainder of the things which I saw and heard ;
wherefore, the things which I have written, sufficeth me; and
Thave not written but a small part of the things which I saw.
And I bear record, that I saw the things which my father saw,
and the angel of the Lord did make them known unto me—
And now I make an end of speaking concernmg the things
which 1 saw, while 1 was carried away in the spirit ; and ifall
ithe things which I saw are not written, the things which I
have written, are true. And thus it is. Amen.

CHAPTER IV,

Avo it came to pass that after I, Nephi, had been cayricd
away in the spirit, and seen all thesc things, I returned to the
tent of my father, And it came to pass'that I beheld my breth-
ren, and they were disputing one with another, concerning the
things which my father had spoken unto them; for he truly
spake many ‘great things unto them, which was hard to be un-
derstood, save a man should inquire of the Lord; and they
being hard in their hearts, therefore they did not look unto the
Lord as they had ought. And now J, Nephi, was grieved be-
cause of the hardness of their hearts, and also, because of the
things which Lhad seen, and knew they must unavoidably
come to pass, because of the great wickedness of the children
of men. b

And it came to pass that I was overcome because of my afs
flictions, for I] considered that mine afllictions were great above |
all, because of the destructions of my people; for Tad bebeld
their fall,

And it came to pass that after ] had received strength, I
spake unto my brethren, desiring to know of them the cause
of their disputations, And they said, Behold, we cannot un-
derstand the words which our father hath spoken conceming
the natural branches of the olive tree, and also, concerning the
Gentiles. AndI said unto them, Have ye inquired of the Lord?
And they said unto me, we have not; forthe Lord maketh no
