it speak of the things which are temporal? And it came to pasa
that [ said unto them, That it was a representation of things |
both temporal and spiritual; forthe day should come that they
must be judged of their works, yea, even the works which were
done by the temporal body in their days of probation; where.
fore, if they should die in their wickedness, they must be cast
off; also as to the things which are spiritual, which are per-
taining to righteousness; wherefore, they must be brought to
tand before God, to be judged of their works; and if their
works have been filthiness, they must needs be filthy; andif
they be filthy, it must needs be that they cannot dwell in the
kingdom of God; if so, Thekingdom of God niust be filthy
also. But, behold, I say unto you, ‘The kingdom of God is not .
filthy, and there cannot any unclean thing enter into the king:
dom of God; wherefore, there must needs be a place of filthi-
ness prepared for that which is filthy. And there is a place
prepared, yea, even that awful Hell of which I have spoken, |
and the Devil is the preparator of it; wherefore, the final state
of the souls of men is to dwell in the kingdom of God, or to be
cast ont because of that justice of which I have spoken;
wherefore, the wieked are rejected from the righteous, and al-
so from that tree of life, whose fruit is most precious and most
desirable above all other fruits; yea, and it is the greatest of
all the gifts of God. And thus I spake unto my brethren. —_
Amen. |

CHAPTER V. e
Ann now it came to pass that after I, Nephi, had made aw
end of speaking to my brethren, behold, -théy said unto me, -
Thou hast declared unto us hard things, more than that which
we are able to bear.
And it came to pass that I said unto them, That I knew that
{ had spoken hard things against the wicked, according to the
. truth; and the righteous have I justified, and testified ‘that
wy should be lifted up at the last day; wherefore, the guilty
eth the truth to be hard, for it cuttcth them to the very
centre. And now, my brethren, if ye were righteous, and were
willing to hearken to the truth, and give heed unto it, that ye
might walk uprightly before God, then ye would not murmu
because of the truth, and say thou speakest hard things against
