wherefore, the Lord commanded my father that he should 4
part into the wilderness; and the Jews also sought to talk
away his life ; yea, and ye also have sought to take away hij
life; wherefore, ye are murderers in your hearts, and ye a
like unto they: Ye are swift to do iniquity, but slow to
member the Lord your God. Ye have seen an angel, and
spake unto you; yea, ye have heard his voice from time
time; and he hath spoken uuto you in a still, small voice, but
ye were past feeling, that ye could not feel his words; where
fore, he hath spoken unto you like unto the voice of thunder,
which did cause the earth to shake aa if it were to divide asun
der, And ye also know, that by the power of his Almighty
word, he can cause the earth that it shall pass away; yea, and
ye know that by his word, he can cause that rough places be
made smooth, and smooth places shall be broken up. 0,
then, why is it, that ye can be so hard in your hearts? Be
hold, my sou! js rent with anguish because of you, and my
heart is pained: I fear lest ye shall be cast off forever. Be
hold, lam full of the spirit of God, insomuch as if my frame
had no strength.

And now it came to pass that when |} had spoken these
words, they were angry with me, and were desirous to throw.
me into the depths of the Sea; and as they came forth to lay
their hands upon me, I spake unto them, saying: In the name
of the Almighty God, I command you that ye touch me not,
for 1 am filled with the power of God, even unto the consu-
ming of my flesh ; and whoso shall lay their hands upon me,
shall wither even as a dried reed; and he shall be as nought
before the power of God, for God shall smite him.

And it came to pass that I, Nephi, saith unio them, That
they should murmur no more against their father; neither
should they withhold their labor from me, for God had com-
manded me that I should build a ship. And I saith unto
them, If God had commanded me to do all things, | could do
it. If he should command me thar J should say unto this wa-
ter, Be thou earth, it should be earth ; and if I should say it
it would be done. And now, if the Lord hath such great
power, and hath wrought so many miracles among the chil
dren of men, how is it that he cannot instruct me, that Fshould
build a ship?

And it came fo pass that I, Nephi, said many things unto my
brethren, insomuch that they were confounded, and could not
contend against me; neither durst they Jay their hands upon
