 
  
 
 
    
     
  
   
    
   
 
    
    
  
 
 
     
   
 

ass, and the horse, and the goat, and the wild goat, and
manner of wild animals, which were for the use of men. Al
we did find ali manner of ore, both of gold, and of silver,
of copper. ¥

And it came (o pass that the Lord commanded me, whe
fore I did make plates of ore, that I might engraven upon th
the record of my people. And upon the plates which Im
(did engraven the record of my fathes, and also our journ
ings in the wilderness, and the prophecics of my father 5 a
also, many of mine own prophecies have ] engraven uy
¢hem. And J knew not at that time when I made them, t
{ should be commanded of the Lord to make these plat
wherefore, the record of my father, and the genealogy of
fathers, and the more part of all our proceedings inthe wild
ness, are engraven upon those plates of which 1 have spoke
wherefore, the things which @anspired before that 1 ma
these plates, are, of a truth, more particularly made ment
‘upon the first plates.

And afier that T had made these. plates by way of coi
mandinent, fF, Nephi, received a commandment, that the mini
try, and the’ prophecies, the more plain and precious parts
them, should be written upon these plates; and shat the thi
which were written, should be kept for the instruction of
people, which should possess the land, and also for oth
Wisc purposes, which purposes, ure known unto the Lor
wherefore, 1, Nephi, did make a record upon the other plat
which gives an account, or which gives a greater account,
the wars, amd contentious, and destructions of my people. Al
this have I done, and commanded my people that they sho
do, after that I was gone, aud that these plates should be
ded down froin one generation to another, or from one prop
to another, until further commandments of the Lord. And
account of my making these plates shall be given hereaft
and then, behold, 1 proceed according to that which J h
spoken; and this } do, that the more sacred things may
kept for the knowledge of my people. Nevertheless, t do

write any thing upon plates, save it be that I think it be
ered. And now, if Ido err, even did they err of old.

that I would excuse myself beeause of other men, but heea
of the weakness which is in me, according to the flesl
would excuse myself. For the things which some men
teem to be of great avorth, both to the body and soul, oth
set at nonght, and-trample under their feet. Yea, even”

 
