thus saith the Lord, thy Redcemer, the Holy One of Israel >

Thave,sent him, the l.ord thy God, which teachcth thee to

profit, which leadeth thee by the way thou shouldst’ go, hath

done it. O that thou hadst hearkened to my commandments!

sm had thy peace been as a river, and thy righteousness as,
the waves of the sca; thy seed also had been as the sand ;

the offspring of thy bowels like the gravel thereof; his name

should not have been cut off nor destroyed from before me.

Go ye forth of Babylon, flee ye from the Chaldeans, with a
voice of singing declare ye, tell this, utter to the end of the
earth ; say ye, The Lord hath redeemed his servant Jacob.—
And they thirsted not; he led them through the deserts: he
caused the waters to flow out of the vock for them: he clea-
yed the rock alsu, and the waters gushed out. And notwith-
standing he hath done all this, and greater also, There is ne
peace, saith the Lord, unto the wicked.

And again: Hearken, O ye house of Israel, all yo that are
broken off and are driven out, because of the wickedness of
the pastors of my people; yea, all ye that are broken off, that
are scattered abroad, which are of my people, O house of Is-
rael. Listen, O isles, unto me; and learken, ye people, from.
far; the Lord hath called me from the womb: from the bow-
els of my mother hath he made mention of myname. And he
hath made my mouth like a sharp sword; in the shadow of
his hand hath he hid me, and made mea polished shaft; in his
quiver hath he hid me; and said unto me, Thou art my ser-
vant, O Isracl, in whom 1 will be glorified, Then I said, F
have labored in vain, | have spent my strength for nought, and.
in vain; surely, my judgment is with the Lord, and my work
with my God.

And now, saith the Lord, that formed me from the womb
that F should be his servant, to bring Jacob again to him,
Though Israel be not gathered, yct shall I be glorious in the
eyes of the Lord, and my God shall be my strength. And he
said, It is a light thing that thou shouldest be my servant to
raise up the tribes of Jacob, and to restore the preserved of
Israel: I will also give thee for a light to the Gentiles, that
thou mayest be my salvation unto the ends of the earth._—
‘Thus saith the Lord, the Redeemer of Israel, his Holy One,
to him whom man despiseth, to him whom the nations abhor-
reth, to servant of rulers, Kings shall see and arise, princes
also shall worship, because of the Lord that is faithful, Thus
saith the Lord, In an acceptable time have I heard thee, O
