= >
carried upon their shoulders. And kings shall be thy nursing
fathers, and their queens thy nursing mothers : they shall a
down to thee with their face towards the earth, and lick up the:
dust of thy fect; and thow shalt know that Iam the Lord:
for they shall not be ashamed that wait ferme. For shall the
prey be taken trom the mighty, or the lawful captives delive-
ved? But thus seith the Lord, Even the captives of theimighty
shail be taken away, and the prey of the terrible shall be de-
livered: for Iwill contend with him that contendeth with thee,
and I will save thy children... And 1 will feed them that op-
press thee with their own flesh; they shall be dranken with
their own blood, as with sweet wine? andall flesh shall know
that I the Lord am thy Saviour and thy Redeemer, the mighty’
one of Jacob.

See

CHAPTER Vil. -

AND now it came to pass that after. I, Nephi, after that F

_ had read these things which were engraven upon the plates of
brass, my brethren eame unto me and said unto me, What
meaneth these things which ye have read? Behold, are they
to be understood according to things which are spiritual, which
shall come to pass according to the spirit and not the flesh?
And J, Nephi, sayeth unto them, Behold, they were made ma-
nifest unto the prophet, by the voice of the spirit: for by the
- spirit are all things made known unto the prophet, which shall
come upon the children of men, according to the'flesh. Where-
fore, the things of which I have read, are things pertaining to
things both temporel and spritual: for it appears that the
House of Israel, sooner or later, will be scattered upon all the
face of the earth, and also among all nations, and before there
are many which are already lost from the knowledge of they
which are at Jerusalem. Yea, the more part of all the tribes
have been led away; and they are scattered to and fro up-
on the isles of the sea: and whither they are, none of us
“Inoweth, save that we know that they have been led away.—
And since that they have been Jed away, these things have been
prophesied converning them, and also concerning all they which
shall hereafter be scattered and be confounded, because of the
floly One of Isracl: for against him will they harden their
hearts; wherefore, they shall be scattered among all nations;

  
