     
 

ometh speedily, that Satan shall have no more power ey
the hearts of the children of men: for the day soon cometh,
that all the proud. and they which do wickedly, shall be as
stubble; and the day cometh that they must be burned. For
the time soon cometh, that the fulness of the wrath of God
whall he poured out upon all the children of men: for he will —
mot suffer that the wicked shall destroy the righteous. Where-
fore, he will preserve the righteous by his power, even if it so
‘be that the fulness of his wrath must come, and the righteous ;
be preserved, even unto the destruction of their enemies by fire.
Wherefore, the righteous need not fear: for thus saith the
— They shall be saved, even if it so be as by fire. Be-
old, my brethren, I say unto you, that these things must
shortly come; yea, even blood, and fire, and vapor of smoke
must come; and it must necds be upon the face of this earth;
and it cometh unto men aceording to the flesh, if itso be that
they will harden their hearts against the Holy One of Israel :
tor behold, the righteous shall not perish; for the time surely
must come, that all they which fight against Zion, shall be cut
off. And the Lord will surely prepare a way for his people,
unto the fulfilling of the words of Moses, which he spake, say-
ing: A prophet shall the Lord your God raise up unto you,
like unto me; him shall ye hear in all things whatsoever he
shall say unto you. And it shall come to pass that all they
which will not hear that prophet, shall be cut off from among
ihe people. And now I, Nephi, declare unto you, that this
prophet of whom Moses spake, was the Holy Onc of Israel ;
wherefore, he shall execute judgment in righteousness; and
- the tighteous need not fear, for it is they which shall not be
confounded. But it is the kingdom of the Devil, which shall
be built up among the children of inen, which kingdom is es-
tablised among them which are in the flesh: for the time spee-
dily shall come, that all churches which are built up to get
gain, and all they which are built up to get power over the
flesh, and they which are built up to become popular in the
eyes of the world, and they which seek the lusts of the flesh
and the things of the world, and to do all manner of iniquity ;
yea, in fine, all they which belong to the kingdom of the Devil,
it is they which need fear, and tremble, and quake ; it is they
which must be brought Jow in the dust; itis they which must
he consumed as stubble: and this is according to the words
» ofthe propliet. And the time cometh speedily, that the right-
eous must be ied up as calves of the stall, and the Holy One

 

 
