of Israel must reign in dominion, end might, and power, and
greatglory. And he guthereth his children from the four quar
ters of the earth ; and he numbercth his sheep, and they know
him; and there shall be one fold and one shepherd; and
he shall feed his sheep, and in him they shall find pasture—
And because of the righteousness of his people, Satan hath no
power; wherefore, he cannot be loosed for the space of many
years: for he hath no power over the hearts of the people, for
they dwell in righteousness, and the Holy Onc of Israel reign-
eth. And now behold, I, Nephi, say unto you, that all these
things must come, according to the flesh. But, behold, all na-
tions, kindreds, tongues, and people, shall dwell safely in the
Holy One of Israel, if it so be that they will repent.

And now I, Nephi, make an end; for I durst not speak fure
ther as yet, concerning these things. Wherefore, my breth-
rea, 1 would that ye should consider that the things which have
been written upon the plates of brass, are true; and they tes-
fify that a man must be obedient to the commandments of God.
Wherefore, ye need not suppose that I and my father are the
only ones that have testified, and also taught them. Where-
fore, if ye shall be obedient to the commandments, and endure
to the end, ye shall be saved at the last day. And thus it is.:
Amen,

 

THE SECOND BOOK OF NEPHL
CHAPTER 1 a

An account of the death of Lehi. Nephi's brethren rebelletic
against him. The Lord warns Nephi to depart into the
wilderness, &¢c. His journeying's in the wilderness, §c.

ANp now it came to pass after I, Nephi, had made an end
of teaching my brethren, our father, Lehi, also spake many
things unto them: how great things the Lord had done for
them, in bringing them out of the land of Jerusalem. And he
spake unto them concerning their rebellions upon the waters,
and the mercies of God in sparing their lives, that they were
not swallowed up in the sea, And he also spake unto them
concerning the land of promise, which they had obtained: how:
merciful the Lord had been ia warning us that we should flee
