and he will give unto thei power, and he will take away from
them the lands of their posscssions; and he will cause them to
be scattered and smitten. Yea, as one generation passeth to
another, there shall be bloodsheds and great visitations among,
them; wherelore, my sons, I would that ye would remember;
yea, | would that ye would hearken unio my words, O that
ye would awake, awake froma deep sleep, yea, even from the
sleep of hell, and shake off the awfal chains by which ye are
bound, which ave the chains which bind the children ot men,
that they are carried away captive down to the eternal gulf of
misery and wo! Awake! and arise from the dust, and hear
the words of a trembling parent, whese limbs ye must soon
lay down in the cold and silent grave, from whenec no travel
fer can return: a few more days, and I go the way of all the
earth. But behold, the Lord lath redeemed my soul from
hell: Phave beheld his glory, and J am éncirled about eternally :
in the arms of his love. And 1 desire that ye should remem-
ber to observe the statutes and the judgments of the Lord:
behold, this hath been the anxiety of my soul, from the begin-
ning. My heart hath been weighed down with sorrow frora.
time to time: for | have feared, lest for the hardness of your
hearts, lest the Lord your God should come out in the fulness
of his wrath, upon you, that ye be cut off and destroyed for-
ever; or, that a cursing should come upon you, for the space
of many generations; and ye are visited by sword, and by
famine, and are hated, and are led according to the will and
captivity of the Devil. O my sons, that these things might
snot come upon you, but that ye might be a choice and a fa-
vored people of the Lord. But, behold, his will be done: for
‘this ways are righteousness forever; and he hath said, that in-
asmuch as ye shall keep my commandments, ye shall prosper
in the land; but inasmuch as ye will not keep my command-
ments, ye shall be cut off (rom my presence. And now that
my soul might have joy in you, aud ihat my heart might leave
this world with gladness because of you; that I might not be
prought down with gricf and sorrow to the grave, arise from
the dust, my sons, and be men, and be determined itvone
mind, and in one licart united in all things, that ye may not
come down into captivity; that ye may not be cursed with
sore cursing; and also, that ye may not incur the displeasure:
of a just'God upon you, unto the destruction, yea, the eternal
destruction of both soul and body. Awake, my sons; put on
the armorof righteousness. Shake off the chuins with which.

   

 
