driven out from the garden of Eden, to till the earth. And
they have brought forth children; yea, even the family of all
the earth. And the days of the children of men were pro-
longed, according to the will of God, that they might repent
while in the flesh ; wherefore, their state became a state of
probation, and their time was lengthened, according to the
commandments which the Lord God gave unto the children of
men. For he gave commandment that all men must repent ;
for he shewed unto all men that they were lost, because of the
transgression of their parents. And now, behold, if Adam had
not transgressed, he would not have fallen; but he would have
remained in the garden of Eden. And all things which were
created, must haye remained in the same state which they
were, after that they were created; and they must have re-
mained forever, and had no end. And they would have had
no children; wherefore, they would have remained in a state
of innoeence, having no joy, for they, knew no misery: doing
no good, for they knew no sin. But, behold, all things have
been done in the wisdom of Him who knoweth all things. Ad-
am fell, that men might be; and men are, that they might have
jey. And the Messiah cometh in the fulness of time, that he
might redeem the children of men from the fal}. And because
that they are redeemed from the fall, they have become free
forever, knowing good from evil; to act for themselves, and
not to be acted upon, save it be by the punishment of the law,
at the great and last day, according to the commandments
which God hath given. Wherefore, men are free according
tothe flesh; and all things are given them which is expedient
unto man. And they are free to choose liberty and eternal
life, through the great mediation of all men, or to choose cap-
tivity and death, according to the captivity and power of the
Devil: for he seeketh that all men might be miserable like
unto himself.

And now, my sons, I would that ye should look to the great
mediator, and hearken unto his great commandments; and be
faithful unto his words, and choose eternal life, according to
the will of his Holy Spirit, and not choose eternal death, ac-
cording to the will of the flesh and the evil which is therein,
which giveth the spirit of the Devil power to captivate, to bring
ya down to hell, that he may reign over you in bis own king-
don. t

Ihave spoken these few words unto you all, my sons, in the
jast days of my probation; and Ehave chosen the good part,
