people, © house of Israel. And Moses will I raise up, to de-
liver thy people out of the land of Egypt. But a seer will I
raise up out of the fruit of thy loins; and unto him will I give
power to bring forth my word unto the seed of thy loins; and
not to the bringing forth my word only, saith the Lord, but to
the convincing them of my word, which shall have already
gone forth among them. Wherefore, the fruit of my loins shall
write; and the fruit of the loins of Judah shall write; and
that which shall be written by the fruit of thy loins, and also
that which shall be writien by the fruit of the loins of Judah,
shall grow together, unto the confounding of false doctrines,
and laying down of contentions, and establishing peace among
the fruit of tly loins, and bringing them to'the knowlédge of
their fathers in the latter days; and also to the knowle ge of
my covenants, saith the Lord, Aud out of weakness he shall
be made strong, in that day when my work shall commence
among ai] my people, unto the restoring thee, O house of Isra-
el, saith the Lord. And thus prophesied Joseph, saying: Be-
hold, that seer, will the Lord bless; and they that seek to de-
stroy him, shall be confounded: for this promise, ef which I
baye obtained of the Lord, of the fruit of thy loins, shall be ful-
filled. Behold, Tam sure of the fulfilling of this promise. And
his name shall be culled afier me; and it shall be after the
name of his father. And he shall be like unto me; for the °
thing which the Lord shall bring forth by his hand, by the
power of the Lord shall bring my people unto salvation; yea,
thus prophesied Joseph. J am sure of this thing, even as I
am sure of the promise of Moscs: for the Lord hath said unto
me, | will preserve thy seed forever. And the Lord hath said,
Twill raise up a Moses; and I will give power unto him ina
rod; and Twill give judgment unto him in writing, Yet I will
not loose his tongue, that be shall speak much: for I will not
make him mighty in speaking, But I will write unto him my
law, by the finger of mine own jend; and I will make &
spokesman for him, And the Lord said unto me also, I will
raise up unto the fruit of thy Joins; and] will make for him a

spokesman, And J, behold, I will give unto him, that be shall
write the writing of the fruit of thy loins, unto the fruit of thy
Joma; and the spokesman of thy loins shall declare it, And
the words which be shail write, shal] be the words which is
expedient in my wisdom, should go forth unto the fruit of thy
loins. And it shal] be as if the fruit of thy loins had cried mto
them from the dust; for I know their faith And they shall
