grave, save I should leave a blessing upon you: For behold,
iknow that if ye are brought up in the night way that ye should
go, ye will not depart from it. Wherefore, if ye are cursed,
behold, IT teave my blessing upon you, that the cursing may be
taken from you, and be answered upon the heads of your pa-
rents. Wherefore, because of my blessing, the Lord God will
not suffer that ye shall perish; wherefore, he will be merciful
unto you, and unto your seed, forever.

And it came to pass that after my father had made an end
of speaking to the sons and daughters of Laman, he caused the
sons and daughters of Lemuel to be brought before him. And
he spake unto them, saying: Behold, my sons and my daugh-
ters, which are the sons and the daughters of my secend son ;
behold, 1 leave unto you the same blessing which T= ft unto
the sons and daughters of Laman; wherefore, thou shalt not
utterly be destroyed; but in the end, thy seed shall be blessed.

And it came to pass that when my father had made an end
of speaking unto them, behold, it came to pass that he spake
unto the sons of Ishmael, yea, and even all his household. And
after that he had made an end of speaking unto them, he spake
unto Sam, saying: Blessed art thou, and thy seed: for thou
shalt inherit the Jand, like unto thy brother, Nephi. And thy
seed shall be numbered with his sced; and thou shalt be even
like unto thy brother, and thy secd like unto his seed; and
thou shalt be blessed in all thy days.

And if came to pass that after Lehi had spake unto all his
household, according to the feelings of his heart, and the spirit
of the Lord which was in him, he waxed old. And it came to
pass that he died, and was buried.

And it came to pass that not many days after his death,
Laman and Lemuel, and the sons of Ishmael, were angry with
me, beeause of the admonitions of the Lord: for I, Nephi, was
constrained to speak unto them, according to the word. Vor
Thad spake many things unto them, and also my father, before
his death; many of which sayings, are written upon mine
other plates; for a more history part are written upon mine
other plates. And upon these, I write the things of my soul,
and many of the Scriptures which are engraven upon the
plates of brass: For my soul deliteth im the Scriptures ; and
my heart pondereth them, and writeth them for the learning
and the profit of my children, Behold, my soul delighteth in
the things of the Lord; and my heart pondereth continually
spon the things which E have seen and heard. Nevertheless,
