in the robe of thy rightcousness ? O Lord, wilt thou make a
way for mine escape before mine enemies? Wilt thou make
my” paih straight before me? - Wilt thon not place astumbling
block inmy way? But that thou wouldst clear my way before
me, and hedge not up my way, but the ways of mine enemy.
O Lord, I have. trusted in thee, and I will trust m thee fore-

’ ver. Twill not put my trust.in the arm of flesh ; for I know
that cursed is he that putteth his trust in the arm of flesh.—
Yea, cursed is he that putteth bis trust in man, or maketh flesh
his arm. Yea, I know that God will give liberally to him that
asketh, Yea, my God will give me, if | ask not amiss: there-
fore I will lift up my voice unto thee; yea, J will cry unto
thee, my God, the rock of my righteousness. Behold, my
‘voice shall forever ascend up unto thee, my rock and mine
everlasting God. _ Amen.

 

CHAPTER IV.

Benop, it came to pass that I, Nephi, did ery much unto
the Lord my God, because of the anger of my brethren. But
behold, their anger did increase against me, insomuch that
they did seek to take away my life. Yea, they did murmur
against me, saying: Our younger brother thinketh to rule over
us 3 and we have had muck: trial because of him; wherefore,
now let us slay him, that we may not be afllicted more because
of his words. For behold, we will not that he shall be our,-
raler: for it belongeth unto us, which are the elder brethren,
to rule over this people. Now I do not write upon these
plates, all the words which they murmured against me. But
it sufficeth me to say, that they did seek to take away my life.

And it came to pass that the Lord did warn me, that I, Ne-
phi, should depart from them, and flee into the wilderness,
and all they which would go with me. Wherefore, it came
to pass that 1, Nephi, did take my family, and also Zoram and
his family, and Sam, mine elder brother, and his family, and
Jacob and Joseph, my younger brethren, and also my sisters,
and all they which would go with me. And all they which
would go with me, were they which believed in the warnings
and the revelations of God; wherefore, they did hearken unto 1
my words, And we did take our tents and whatsoever things
were possible for us, and did journey in the wilderness for the-
