Lord was fulfilled which he spake unto me, saying: That in-
asmuch as they will not hearken unto thy words, they shall
be cut off from the presence of the Lord. And behold, they
were cut off from his presence. And he had caused the cur-
sing to come upon them, yea, even a sore cursing, because of
their iniquity. For behold, they had hardened their hearts
against, him, that they had become like unto a flint; where-
fore,'as they were white, and exceeding fair and delightsome,
that they might not be enticing unto my people, therefore the
Lord God did cause a skin of blackness to come upon them.
And thus saith the Lord God, I will cause that they shall be
loathsome unto thy people, save they shall repent of their ini-
quities.. And cursed shall be the seed of him that mixeth with
their seed: for they shall be cursed even with the same cur-
sing. And the Lord spake it, and it was done. And because
of their cursing which was upon them, they did become an idle
people, full of mischief and subtlety, and did seek in the wil-
derness for beasts of prey. And the Lord God said unto me,
they shall be a scourge unto thy seed, to stir them up in re~
membrance of me; and inasmuch as they will not remember
me, and hearken unto my words, they shall scourge them even
unto destruction.

And it eame to pass that I, Nephi, did consecrate Jacob and
Joseph, that they should be priests and teachers over the land
of my people. And it came to pass that we lived after the
manner of happiness. And thirty years had passed away
from the time we left Jerusalem. “And J, Nephi, had kept the
psarnge upon my plates, which Thad made of my people thus

ar,

And it came to pass that the Lord God said unto me, Make
other plates; and thou shalt engraven many things upon them
which are good in my sight, for the profit of thy peopte.—
Wherefore, I, Nephi, to be obedient to the commandments of
the Lord, went and made these plates upon which I have en-
graven these things. And I engravened that which is leasing
unto God. And if my people be pleased with the things of
God, they be pleased with mine engravings which are upon
these plates. And if my people desire to know the more par-
ticular part of the history of my people, they must scarch mine
other plates. And it sufficeth me to say, that forty years had
passed away, and we had already had wars and contentions
stith our brethren,

3
