eify Lim, according to the words of the angel, which spake it
unio me. And after that they have hardened their hearts and
etiiened their necks against the Holy One of Israel, behold,
the judgments of the Ifoly One of Israel shall come upon
them. And the day cometh that they shall be smitien and af
flicted. Wherefove, after they are driven te and fro, for thus
saith the angel, many shall be afllicted in the flesh and shall
noi be sufered to perish, because of the prayers of the faithful :
wherefore, they shall be scattered, and smitten, and hated 5
nevertheless, the Lord will be merciful unto them, that when
they shall come to the knowledge of their Redeemer, they
shall be gathered together again to the lands of their jnheri-
tance. * ie

‘And blessed are the Gentiles, they of whom the prophet
hath written: for behold, if it so be that they shall repent and
fight not against Zion, and do not unite themselves to that great
and abommable church, they shall be saved: for the Lord
God will full his covenants which he hath made unto his
children; and for this cause, the prophet hath written tbese
things. Wherefore, they that fight against Zion and the cove-
nant people of the Lord, shall lick up the dust of their feet;
and the people of the Lord shall not be ashamed. For the
people of the Lord are they which wait for him: for they still
wait for the coming of the Messiah. And behold, according
to the words of the prophet, the Messiah will set himself again
the second time, to recover them; wherefore, he will manifest
himself unto them in power and great glory, unto the destruc-
tion of their enemies, when that day cometh when they shall
believe in him; and none will he destroy that believeth in him.
And they that believe not in him, shall be destroyed, both by
fire, and by tempest, and by earthquakes, and by bloodsheds,
and by pestilence, and by famine. And they shall know that
the Lord is God, the Holy One of Israel: for shall the prey
be taken from the mighty, or the Jawful captive delivered ?
But thus saith the Lord: Even the captives of the mighty shall
be taken away, and the prey of the terrible shall he delivered :
for the Mighty God shall deliver his covenant people. or
thus saith the Lord : I will contend with them that contendeth
with thee, and I will feed them that oppress thee, with their
own flesh; and they shall he drunken with their own blood,
as with swect wine; and all flesh shall know that I the Lord
am thy Saviour and thy Redeemer, the Mighty One of Jacob.
Yea, for thus saith the Lord: Have I put thee away, or haye E
