Hearken unto me, my people; and give car unto me, O my
nation; for a Jaw shall proceed from me, and J will make my
judgment to, rest for a light thing of tle people. My right-
eousness isnear; my salvation is gone forth, and mine arm
shall judge the people. The isles shall wait upon me, and
on mine arm shall they trust. Lift up your eyes to the heay-
ens, and look upon the earth beneath: for the heayens shalt
vanish away like smoke, and the earth shall wax old: lke a
garment; and they that dwell therein, shall dic in like manner.
But my salvation shall be forever; and my rightcousness
shall not be abolished.

Hearken unto me, ye that know righteousness, ihe people
in whose heart I have written iny law ; (car ye not the reproach
of men; neither be ye afraid of their revilings : f6r the moth
shall eat them up like a garmem, and the worm shall eat them
like wool. But my righteousness shall be forever; and my
salvation from gencration to generation.

Awake, awake! Put on strength O erm of the Lord: awake
asin the ancient days. Art thou not it that hau cut Ralab,
and wounded the dragon? Art thou notit which hath dried
the sea, the waters.of the great deep; that hath made the
depths of the, sea a way for the ransomed to pass over? Thieves
fore, the redeemed of the Lord shall return, and come with
singing unto Zion; and everlasting joy and holiness. shell be
upon their heads ; and they shall obtain gladuess and joy: sor-
row and mourning shall flee away. Lam he; yea, Yam he
that comforteth you: Behold, who art thou, that thou shouldst
be afraid of man, which shall die, and of the Son of man,
which shall be made like unto grass; and forgetest the Lord
thy maker, that hath stretched forth the heavens, and laid the
foundations of the earth; and hast feared continually every
day, -because of ihe fury of the oppressor, as if he were
ready to destroy? And where is the fury of the oppressor?
The captive exile hasteneth, thet he may be loosed, and that
he should not die in the pit, nor that his bread should fail—
But 1 am the Lord thy God, whose waves reared: the Lord .
of Hosts is my name. And U haye put my words in thy month,
and hath covered thee in the shadow of mine hand, that I ma
plant the heavens and lay the foundations of the earth, and
say unto Zion, Behold, thou art my people. Awake, awake, '
stand up, O Jerusalem, which hast drunk at the hand of the
Lord the cup of his fury; thou hast drunken the dregs of the
cup of trembling rung ont; and none to guide her among all the
