sons she hath brought forth; neither that taketh her by the
hand, of allthe sons she hath brought up. ‘These two sons
are come unto thee ; who shall be sorry for thee? thy deso-
Jation and destruction, and the famine and the sword: And
by whom shall! comfort thee? Thy sons have fainted, save
these two: they lie at the head of all the streets, asa wild
bull in a net: they are full of the fury of the Lord, the re-
buke of thy God.

Therefore hear now this, thou afflicted, and drunken, and
not with wine: thus saith thy Lord, The Lord and thy God
pleadeth the cause of his people, Behold, I have taken out of
une hand the cup of trembling, the dregs of the cup of my
fury; thou shalt no more drink it again. But T will put it ine
to the hand of them that atilict thee; which I said to thy
soul, Bow down, ihat we may go over: and thou hast laid thy

body as the ground, and as the-street, to them thai went over,,

Awake, awake, put on thy strength, O Zion; put on thy
heautiful garments, O Jerusalem, the holy city: for henee-
forth there shall no more come into thee, the uncircumcised
and the unclean, Shake thyself from the dust ; arise, sit
down, O Jerusalem : loose tliyself from the band’s of thy neck,
O captive daughter of Zion. (

eee
CHAPTER YI.

And now, my beloved brethren, I have.read these things
‘that ye might know coucerning the covenants of the Lord;
that he hath covenanted with all the House of Israel; that he
hath spoken unto the Jews, by the mouth of his holy prophets,
even from the beginning down, from generation to gencration,
until. the time cometh that they shall be restored to the true
Church and fold of God; when they shall be gathered home
to the lands of their inheritance, and shall be established in all
their Jands of promise.

Behold, my beloved brethren, f speak unto you these things °

that ye may rejoice, and lift up your heads forever, because
of the blessings which the Lord God shall bestow upon your
children. For I know that thou hast searched much, many
of you, to know ofthis fo come; wherefore I know that ye
know that our flesh must waste away and die; nevertheless,
it our bodies, we shall see God, Yea, and 1 know that ve

  

 
