O how great the plan of our God! For on the othey
hand, the paradise of God must deliver up the spirits of the
righteous, and the grave deliver up the body of the righteous;
end the spirit and the body is restored to itself again, and al]
men become incorruptible, and immortal, and they are living
souls, having a perfect knowledge like unto us, in the flesh;
save it be that our knowledge shall be perfect ; wherefore, we
shall have a perfect knowledge of all our guilt, and our un
cleanness, end our nakedness ; and the rightcous shall have a
perfect knowledge of their enjoyment, and their Tighteousness,
being clothed with purity, yez, even with the robe of right.
eousness,

And it shall come to pass, that when all men. shall haye
passed from this first death unto life, insomuch as they have
become immortal, they must appear before the judgment seai
of-the Holy One of Israel; and then cometh the Judervent,
and then must they be judged according to the holy jadgment
ef God. Andassuredly, as the Lord liveth, for the Lord God
hath spoken it, and it is his ctornal word, which cannot pass
away, that they which are righteous, shall, be zighteous siill,
and they which are filthy, shall be filthy. still; wherefore,
they which are filthy, are the Devil and his angels; and they _
shall go away into everlasting fire, prepared for them ; and
their torment is a lake of fire and brimstone, whose flames
ascendeth up forever and ever, and hath no end.

O the greatness and the justice of our God! Tor he exe:
euteth all his words, and thev have gone forth out of his
mouth, and his law must be fulfilled, But, behold, the right
cous, the saints of the Holy One of Israel, they which have
believed in the Holy One of Israel; they which have endured _
the crosses of the world, and despised the shame of it; they
shall inherit the Kingdom of God, which was prepared for
them from the foundation of the world; and their joy shall be
full forever.

O the greatness of the mercy of our God, the Holy
One of Israel! For he delivereth’ his sain{s from that awful
monster, the Devil, and death and hell, and that lake of fire
and brimstone, which is endless torment.

O how great the holiness of onr God! For he knoweth
all things, and there is not any thing, save he know it. And
he cometh into the svorld that he may save all men, if they
will hearken unto his voice: for behold, he suffereth the pains
ofall men; yea, the pains of every living creature, both men

 

 

  

 

 

  
