wato the sighteous; even the day of judgment, that ye may not
shrink with awful fear; that ye may not remember your awful
guilt in perfectness, and be constrained to exclaim, Loly, ho-
ly ave thy judgments, O lord God Almighty. But I know my
guilt; 1 transgressed thy law, and my transgressions are mine ;
and the Devil hath obtained ie, that I am a prey to his aw-
ful misery. But behold, my brethren, is it expedient that 1
should awake you to an awful reality of these things? Would
T harrow up your souls, if your minds were pure? Would £
be plain unto you according to the plainness of the truth, if ye
were freed fromsin? Behold, if ye were holy, } would speak
‘unto you of holiness; but as ye are not holy, and ye look upon
me as a teacher, it must needs be expedient that I teach you
the consequences of sin. Behold, my soul abborreth sin, and
my heart delighteth in righteousness ; and I will praise the
holy name of my God. Come, my brethren, cvery one that
thirsteth, come ye to the waters; and he that hath no money,
come buy and eat; yea, come buy wine and milk without mo-
ney and without price. Wherefore, do not spend money for
that which is of no worth, nor your labor for that which can-
not satisfy, Hearken diligently unto me, and remember the
words which I have spoken ; and come unto the Holy Onc of
Israel, and feast upon that which perisheth not, neitherean be
corrupted, and let your soul delight in fatness, Behold, my
beloved brethren, remember the words of your God; pray
unto him continually by day, and give thanks unto his holy
name by night. Let your hearts rejoice, and behold how great
the covenants of the Lord, and how great his condescensions
unto the children of men; and because of his greatness; and
his grace and merey, he hath promised unto us that our seed
shall not utterly be destroyed, according to the flesh, but that
he would preserve them ; and in future generations, they shall
become a righteous branch unto the House of Israel. +
And now, my brethren, { would speak unto you more ; but
on the morrow I will declare unto you the remainder of my
words, Amen.

|
CHAPTER VII.

Ayn now J, Jacob, speak unto you again, my beloved breti-
ren, concerning this righteous branch of which I have spoken.
