the earth, Cease ye from man, whose breath is in his nostrils:
for wherein is he to. be accounted of ? i
»_ Por behold, the Lord, the Lord of hosts, doth take away
from Jerusalem and from Judah the stay and the staf the
whole staff of bread, and the whole stay of water, the mghty
ian, and the man of war, the judge, and the prophet, and the
prudent, and the ancient, the captain of fifty, and the honorm.
ble man, and the counsellor, and the cunning artificer, and the
eloquent orator, And Twill give children unto them to be
their princes, and bahes shall rule over them. And the people
shall he oppressed, every one by another, and every one by
his neighbor: the child shall behave hiraself proudly against
the ancieat, and the base against the honorable. When a man
shall take hold of his brother of the house of his father, and
shall say, Thou hast clothing, be thou our ruler, und let not
this ruin come under thy hand: in that day shall he swear,
saying, I will not he a healer ; for in my house there is neither
bread nor clothing: make me not a ruler of the people. For
Jerusalem is ruined, and Judah is fallen: because their tongues
and their doings have been against the Lord, to provoke the —
eyes of his glory. |

The shew of their countenance doth witness against them,
and doth declare their sin to be cven as Sodom, and they can-
not hide it. Wo unto their souls! for they have rewarded
evil unto themselves. Say unto the righteous, that it is well
with them: for they shall eat the fruit of their doings. Wo —
unto the wicked! for they shall perish : for the reward of their
hands shall be upon them.

And my people, children are their oppressors, and women
rule over them. OQ my people, they which lead thee cause —
thee to err, and destroy the way of thy paths. The Lord
standeth up to plead, and standeth to judge the people. ‘The
Lord will enter into Judgment with the ancients of his people,
and the princes thereof: for ye have caten up the vineyard,
and the, spoil of the poor in your houses. What meaw ye!
Ye beat my people to pieces, and grind the faces of the poor,
saith the Lord God of hosts.

Morcover the Lord saith, Because the daughters of Zion are
haughty, and walk with stretched forth necks and wanton eyes,
walking and mincing ag they go, and making a tinkling with
their feet: therefore the Lord will smite with a scab the crown
of the head of the daughters of Zion, and the Lord will disco--

 
