not done in it? wherefore, when J looked that it should bring
forth grapes, it brought forth wild grapes. And now go to;
1 will tell you what T will do to my vineyard : J twill take away
the hedge thereof, and it shall be eaten up; and I will break
down the wall thereof, and it shall be trodden down: and ]
will lay it waste: it shall not be pruned, nor digged ; but then!”
shall come up briers and thorns: 1 will also command the
clouds that they rain no rain upon it. For the vineyard of the
Lord of hosts is the House of Israel, and the men of Judah his
pleasant plant: and he looked for judgment, and behold op.
pression; for righteousness, but behold a ery.

Wo unto them that join house to house, till there can be no
place, that they may be placed alone in the’midst of the carth!
tn mine ears, said the Lord of hosts, Of a truth many houses
shall be desolate, and great and fair cities without inhabitant
Yea, ten acres of vineyard shall yield one bath, and the secdai
4 horner shall yield an ephah.

Wo unto them that rise up early in the morning, that they
may follow strong drink; that continue until night, and wine
inflame them! And the harp, and the viol, the tabret, and pipe,
and wine, are in their feasts: but they regard not the work
of the Lord, neither consider the operation of his hands.

Therefore my people are gone mto captivity, because they
have no knowledge: and their honorable men are famished,
and their multitude dried ap with thirst. Therefore hell hath
enlarged herself, and opened her mouth without measure : and
their glory, and their multitude, and their pomp, and he the!
rejoiceth, shall descend into it. And the mean man shall be
brought down, and the mighty man shall be humbled, and the
eyes of the lofty shall be humbled : but the Lord of hosts shall
be exalted in judgment, and God that is holy shail be saneti-
fied in righteousncss, Then shall the lambs feed after their
manner, and the waste places of the fat ones shall stranger
cal. Wo unto them that draw iniquity with cords of vanity,
and sin as it were witha cart-rope: that say, Let him make
speed, hasten his work, that we may sec it: and let the cou
scl of the Holy One of Israel draw nigh and come, that we
may know it.

Wo unto them that call evil good, and good evil; that prt
darkness for light, and light for darkness ; that put bitter for
sweet, and sweet for bitter! Wo unto the wise in their owa
eyes, and prudent in their own sight! Wo unto the mighty to
drink wine, and men of strength to mingle strong drink : a |

P

 

 
