justify the wicked for reward, and take away the righteous-
‘ness of the righteous from him! Therefore as the fire devour-
eth the stubble, and the flame consumeth the chaff, their root
shall be rottenness, and their blossoms shall go up as dust:
because they have cast away the law of the Lord of hosts, and
despised the word of the Holy One of Israel. Therefore is
the anger of the Lord kindled against his people, and he hath
stretched forth his hand against them, and hath smitten them :
and the hills did tremble, and their carcasses were torn in the
midst of the streets. For all this his anger is not tured
‘away, but his hand stretched out still.

And he will lift up an ensign to the nations from far, and
will hiss unto them from the end of the earth; and behold,
they shall come with speed swiftly: none shall be weary nor
stumble among them; none shall slumber nor sleep; neither
shall the girdle of their loins be loosed, nor the latchet of their
shoes be broken: whose arrows shall be sharp, and all their
bows bent, and their horses’ hoofs shall be counted like flint,
and their wheels like a whirlwind, their roaring like a lion —
They shall roar like young lions: yea, they shall roar, and lay
hold of the prey, and shall carry away safc, and none shall
deliver. And in that day they shall roar against them like the
roaring of the sea: and if they look unto the land, behold,
shi and sorrow, and the light is darkened in the heavens
thereof.

‘

=e
CHAPTER IX.

In the year that king Uzziah died, I saw also the Lord sit-
ting upon a throne, high and lified up, and his train filled the
temple. Above it stood the seraphims: cach ono had six
wings ; with twain he covered his face, and with twain he co-
vered his feet, and with twain le did fly. And one cried unto
another, and said, Holy, holy, holy, is the Lord of hosts: the
whole earth is full of his glory. And the posts of the door
moved at the voice of him that cried, and the house was filled
with smoke.

Then said I, Wo me! for 1 am undone; because I a man
of unclean lips, and 1 dwell in the midst of a people of unclean
lips: for mine eyes have secn the King, the Lord of hosts,—
Then flew one of the seraphims unto me, having a live coal in
