jold trouble and darkness, dimness of anguish, and shall be
driven to darkness.

Nevertheless the dimness shall not be such as was in her
vexation, when at the first he lightly afflicted the land of Zebu-
lun, and the Jand of Naphtali, and afterwards did more grie-
yously aillict by the way of the Red Sea beyond Jordan, in
Galilée of the nations. The people that walked in darkness
have seena great light: they that dwell in the land of the
shadow of death, upon them hath the light shined. Thou hast
multiplied the nation, and increased the joy: they joy before
thee according to the joy in harvest, and-as men rejoice when
they divide the spoil. For thou hast broken the yoke of his
burden, and the staff of his shoulder, the rod of bis oppressor,
For every battle of the warrior with confused noise, and gar-
ments rolled in blood; but this shall be with burning and tuel
offire, For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is’ given :
and the government shall be upon his shoulder: and his name
shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, The mighty God, The
everlasting Father, The Prince of Peace. Of the increase of
government and peace there is no end, upon the throne of
Dayid, and upon his kingdom, to order it, and to establish it
with judgment and with justice from henceforth even forever.
The zeal of the Lord of hosts will perform this.

The Lord sent his word unto Jacob and it hath lighted upon
Israel. And all the people shall know, even Ephraim and the
inhabitants of Samaria, that say in the pride and the stoutness
of heart, The bricks are fallen down, but we will build with
hewn stones: the syeamores are cut down, but we will change
them into cedars. Therefore the Lord shal} set up the adver-
saries of Rezin against him, and join his enemies together ;
the Syrians before, and the Philistines behind: and they shall
devour Israel with open mouth. For all this his anger is not-
turned away, but his hand stretched out still.

For the people turneth not unto him that smiteth them, neither,
do they seek the Lord of hosts. Therefore will the Lord cut-
off from Israel head and tail, branch and rush in one day.—
The ancient, he is the head; and the prophet that teacheth*
lies, he is the tail. For the leaders of this people cause them
to err; and they that are led of them are destroyed. Therefore
the Lord shall have no joy in their young men, neither shall
haye mercy on their fatherless and widows : for every one of
them is a hypocrite and an evil-doer, and cvery mouth speaketh
