folly. For ull this his anger is not turned away, but hj
hand stretched out still,

For wickedaess burneth as the fire; it shall devour fh
briers and thorns, and shal! kindle in the thickets of the fo
rests, and they shall mount up like the lifting up of smoke
‘Through the wrath of the Lord of hosts is the land darkened
and the people shall he as the fuel of the fire: no man shal
spare his brother. And he shalt snatch on the right hand, ang
be hungry; and he shall eat on the left hand, and they shall
not be sutistied : they shall eat every man the fesh of his omy
arm: Manasseh, Uphraim; and Ephraim, Manasseh: they to
gether shall be againet Judah. For all this his anger is nol
turned away, but his hand stretched out still,

Wo unto them that decree unrighteous decrees, and that
write grievousness which they have prescribed; to (urn aside
the needy from judgment, and to take aw ay the right from the
poor of iny people, that widows may be their prey, and that
they may rob the fatherless! And what will ye doin the dey
of visitation, and in the desolation which shall ‘come from far!
fo whom will ye flee for help? and where will ye leave your
glory? Without me they shall bow down under the prisoners,
and they shall fall under the slain. For all this his anger ia
not turned away, but bis hand stretched out still.

O Assyrian, the rod of mine anger, and the staff in their
hand is their indignation. Twill send him against a hypoen
tical nation, and against the people of my wrath will I give him
a charge, to take the spoil, and to take the prey, and to tread
them down like the mire of the streets. Howbeit he incaneth
not so, neither doth his heart think sos but in his heart itis
4o destroy and cut'off nations not a few, For he saith, Are
not my princes altogether kings? Is not Calno as Carche
mish? Is not Hamath as Arpad? Is not Samaria as Danas
ens? As my hand hath founded the kingdoms of the idols, and
whose graven images did excel them of Jerusalem and of Se
maria; shall ¥ not, as I have done unto Samaria and her idols,

.80 do to Jerusalem and to her idols? Wherefore it shall come
to pass, that when the Lord hath performed his whole work
upon mount “ion and upon Jerusalem, I will punish the frait
of the stout heart of the king of Aasyria, and the glory of his
high looks. For he saith, By the strength of my hand and by
iny wisdom I tlave done these things; for Iam prudent: and
Vhave moved the borders of the people, and have robbed their

 

  

 
