yreasures, and Ihave put down the inhabitants like a valiant
man; and my hand hath found as a nest the riches of the peo-

ie: and as one gathereth eggs that are left, have I gathered
all the earth; and there was none that moved the wing, or
opened the mouth, or peeped. Shall the axe boast itself against
hum that beweth therewith? Shall. the saw magnify itself
against him that shaketh it? as if the rod should shake itself
against them that lift it up, or as if the staff should lift up it-
self, as if it were no wood. Therefore shall the Lord, the
Lord of hosts, send among his fat ones leanness; and un-
der his glory he shall kindle a burning like the burning of a
fire. And the light of Israel shall be for a fire, and his Holy
One for a flame, and shall burn and shall devour his thorns
and his briers in one day; and shall consume the glory of his
forest, and of his fruitful field, both soul and body; and they
shall be as when a standard-bearer fuinteth. And the rest of
the trees of his forest shall be few, that a child say write
them.

And it shall come to pass in that day, that the remant of Is-
rael, and such as are escaped of the house of Jacob, shall no
more again stay upon him that smote them ; but shall stay up-
on the Lord, the Holy One of Israel, in truth. The remnant
shall return, yea, even the remnant of Jacob, unto the mighty
God. For though thy people Israel be as the sand of the sea,
yet aremnant of them shall return: the consumption decreed —
shall overflow with righteousness. For the Lord God of hosts
shail make a consumption, even determined, in all the land.

Therefore thus saith the Lord God of hosts, O my people
that dwellest in Zion, be not afraid of the Assyrian: he shall
smite thee with a rod, and shall lift up his staff against thee,
after the manner of Egypt. For yet a very little while, and
the indignation shall cease, and mine anger in their destruction.
And the Lord of hosts shall stir up a scourge for him accor-
ding to the slaughter of Midian at the reek of Oreb; and as his
rod was upon the sea, so shall he lift it up after the manner of
Egypt. And it shall come to pass in that day, that his burden
shall be taken away from off thy shoulder, and his yoke from
off thy neck, and the yoke shail be destroyed because of the
anoimting. He is come to Aiath, he is passed to Migron; at
Michmash he hath laid up his carriages ; they are gone over
the passage; they have taken up their lodging at Geba; Ramath
is afraid ; Gibeah of Saulis fled. Lift up the voire, O daugh-
‘sé of Gallium; cause it to be heard unto Laish, O poor Ana--
