Behold, the day of the Lord cometh, cruel both with wrath
and fierce anger, to lay the land desolate: and he shall destroy
the sinners thereof out of it.. For the stars of heaven and the
constellations thereof shall not give their light; the sun shal]
be darkened in her going forth, and the moon shall not cause
her light to shine. And f will punish the world for evil, and
the wicked for their iniquity; | will cause the arrogancy of
the proud to cease, and will lay down the haughtiness of the
terrible. 1 will make a man more precious than fine gold;
even aman than the golden wedge of Ophir. Therefore |
will shake the heavens, and the earth shall remove out of her
place, in the wrath of the Lord of hosts, and in the day of his
fierce anger. And it shall be as the chased roe, and as a sheep
- fat no man taketh up: they shall every man turn to his own
people, and flee every one into his own land. Hyery one that
is proud shall be thrust through; yea, and every one that is
joined to the wicked, shall fall by the sword. Their children
also shall be dashed to pieces before their eyes; their houses
shall he’spoiled, and their wives ravished. Behold, 1 will stir
up the Medes against them, which shall not regard silver and_
gold, nor they shall not delight in it. Their bows shall also
dash the young men to pieces; and they shall have no pity on
the fruit of the womb; their eyes shall not spare children.
_ And Babylon, the glory of kingdoms, the beauty ef the Chal
dees’ excellency shall be as when God overthrew Sodom and_
Gomorrah. I shall never be inhabited, neither shall it be’
dwelt in from generation to generation: neither shall the Ara
bian pitch tent there: neither shall the shepherds make their
fold there: but wild beasts of the desert shall lie there; and
their houses shall be full of doleful creatures; and owls shall |
dwell theré, and satyrs shalldance there. And the wild beasts
of the islands shall cry in their desolate houses, and dragons in
their pleasant palaces: and her time is near to come, and her
day shall not be prolonged. For I will destroy her speedily;
yea, for I will be merciful unto my people: but the wicked
shall perish.

For the Lord will have mercy on Jacob, and will yet choose
fsrael, and set them in their own land: and the strangers shall
be joined with them, and they shall cleave to the house of Ja-
cob. And the people shall take them, and bring them to their
wlace: yea, from far unto the ends of the earth: and they
snati return to their lands of promise. And the house of Is-
racl shall possess them, and the land of the Lord shal be-for

 
