possess the land, nor fill the face of the world with citie,—
For I will rise up against them, saith the Lord of hosts, ang
cut off from Babylon the hame, and renmant, and son, and
nephew, saith the Lord. I will also make ita possession for
the bittern, and pools of water: and I will sweep it with the
besoin of destruction, saith the Lord of hosts. :
The Lord of hosts hath sworn, saying, Surely ae. I hay
thought, so shail it come to pasa; andas I have purposed, sp
shall it stand: that I will brmg the Assyrian in my land, and
upon my mountains tread him under foot ; then shall his yoke
depart from off them, and his burden depart from off their
shoulders, This is the purpose that is purposed upon the
whole earth: and this is the hand that is stretched out upon
all nations. For the Lord of hosts hath purposed, and who
shail disannul? And his hand stretched out, and who shall
turn it back ? In the year that king Alaz died was this burden,
Rejoice not thou, whole Palestina, because the rod of him
that smote thee is broken : for out of the serpent’s root shall
“come forth a cockatrice, and his fruit shall be a fiery flymg
Serpent. And the first-born of the poor shall feed, and the
needy shall lie down in safety: and I will kill thy root with
famine, and he shall slay thy remnant. Howl, O gate; cry,
O city; thou, whole Palestina, art dissolved : for there shall
come from the north a smoke, and none shail be alone in his
appointed fimes. What shall then answer the messengers of
the nations? That the Lord hath founded Zion, and the poor
of his people shall trust in it.

Coins
« CHTAPTER XI.

Now I, Nephi, do speak somewhat concerning the words
which Ihave written, which have been spoken by the mouth
of Isaiah. For behold, Isaiah spake many things which were
hard for many of my people to understand : for they know not
concerning the manner of prophesying among the Jews. For
I, Nephi, have not taught them many things concerning the
manner of the Jews; for their works were works of dark-
ness, dud their doings were doings of abominations, Where-
fore, I write unto my people, unto all they that shall re-
ceive hereafter these things which I write, that they may
know the judgments of God, that they come apon all na-

 

 
