be low out of the dust, and their voice shall be as one that
hath a familiar spirit; for the Lord God will give unto hig
power, that he may whisper concerning them, even as it wep
out of the ground; and their speech shall whisper out of ty
dust. For thus saith the Lord God: They shall write the thi
which shall be done among them, and they shall be written ang
sealed up in a book, and they that have dwindled in unbeli
shall not have them, for they seek to destroy the things gf
God: wherefore, as they which have heen destroyed, hay
been destroyed speedily; and the multitude of their terribk
ones, shail be as chaff that passeth away. Yea, thus saith
the Lord God: It shall be at an instant, suddenly.

And it shall come to pass, that they which have dwindled
in unbelief, shall be smitten by the han@ of the Gentiles. | Ang
the Gentiles are lifted up in the pride of their eyes, and hay
stumbled, heeause of the greatness of their stumbling block,
that they have built up many Churches i Nevertheless they pui_
down the power and the miracles of God, and preach up u-
to themselves, their own wisdom, and their own learning, that
they may get gain, and grind upon the face of the poor; ani
there are many churches built up which causeth envyings, an
strifes, and malice; and there are also secret combinations,
even as in times of old, according to the ‘combinations of the
Devil, for he is the founder of all these things ; yea, the four
der of murder, and works of darkness; yea, and he leaded
them by the neck with a flaxen cord, until he bindeth then
with his strong cords forever.

Por behold, my beloved brethren, I say unio you, that the
Lord God worketh not in darkness. He doeth not any thing
save it be for the benefit of the world; for he loveth the world,
even that he layeth down his own life, that he may draw al
men unto him. Wherefore, he commandeth none that they
shalt not partake of his salvation. Behold, doth he ery unto
any, saying, Depart from me ? Behold, I'say unto you, ney; |
but he saith, Come unto me all ye ends of the earth, buy
milk and honey, without money, and without price. Behold, |
hath he commanded any that they should depart out of the
Synagogues, or out of the houses of worship? Behold, f say
unto you, nay. Hath he commanded any that they should no!
partake of his salvation? Behold, I say unto you, nay; but
he hath given it free for all men ; and he hath commanded his
people that they should persuade all men unto repentance.
Ahold, hath the Lord commanded any that they should vol

 
