   
 
    
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
  
   
   
  
  
    
  
   
   
  
 
 

ter’s clay. But behold, I will shew unto them, saith the

of Hosts, that { know all their works. For shall the work
of him that made it, He made me not? Or, shall the thing fig
med say of him that framed it, He had no understanding?
behold, saith the Lord of Hosts, 1 will shew unto the chil

of men, that itis not yet a very little while, and Lebanon gh
be turned into a fruitful field; and the fruitful field shall
esteemed asa forest. And in that day shall the deaf hear t}
words of the book; and the eyes of the blind shall see out
obscurity and out of durknesss; and the meek also shall j
crease, and their joy shall be in the Lord; and the poor amo
mea shall rejoice in the Holy One of Israel. For assur
as ihe laord liveth, they shall see that the terrible oneis broug
fo nought, end the scorner is consumed, and all that watch k
iniquily are cut off: and they that make a man an offender {a
a word, and lay a snare for him that reproveth in the gate, ay
turn aside the just for a thing of nought. Therefore thus sal
the Lorl, who redeemed Abraham, concerning the house
Jacob, Jacob shall not now be asbamed, neither shall fi
face now wax pale. But when he seeth his children, the wai
of my hands, in the midst of him, they shall sanctify my nam)
and sanctify the Holy One of Jacob, and shall fear the Got

Isracl, ‘They also that erred in spirit shall come tb underst
ding, and they tbat murmured -hall learn doctrine.

 

  

CHAPTER Xil.

Ann now, behold, my brethren, T have spoken unto yal,
‘according as the spirit hath constrained me; wherefore, |
dcnow that they must surely come to pass. "The things whid
shall be written out of the book shall be of great warth a
the children of men, and especially unto our seed, which at
a remnant of the House of Israel, For it shall come 40 pes
in that day, that the churches which are built up, and not us
the Lord, when the one shal] say unto the other, Behold, I, lat
the Lord’s; and the other shall say, I, am the Lord’s, Ant
thus shail every one say, thit hath built up churches, and ai
unto the Lord; and they shall contend one with another; @
their priests shall contend one with another; and the
shall feach with their learning, and deny the Holy Ghe

which giveth utterance. And they deny the power of @
