are fully ripe in iniquity, they shall perish. But beliold, if the
inhabitants of the earth shall repent of their wickedness ang
abominations, they shall not be destroyed, saith the Lord of
Hosts. But behold, that great and abominable church, iy
whore of all the earth, must tumble to the earth ; and
must be the fall thereof: for the kingdom of the Devil my
shake, and they which belong to it must needs he stirred yp
unto repentance, or the Devil will grasp them with his eve.
“lasting chains, and they be stirred up to anger and_ perish:
for behold, at that day shall he rage in the hearts of the elit
dren of men, and stir them up to anger against that which i;
good; and others will he pacify, and lull them away into can.
nal security, that they will say, All is well in Zion; yea, Zig)
prospereth, all is well; and thus the Devil cheateth theirsouly,
and leadeth them away carefully down to hell. And behold,
others he flattereth away, and telleth them there is no hel;
and he saith unto them, I am no Devil, for there is none;
and thus he whispereth in their ears, until he grasps them will
his awful chains, from whence there is no deliverance. Yea,
they are grasped with death, and liell; and death, and lel
and the Devil, and all that have been seized therewith, mus
stand before the Throne of God, and be judged according ip
their works, from whence they must ge into the place preps
ved for them, even a lake of fire and brimstone, which is ent
Jess torment. Therefore, wo be unto him that is at ease i
Zion. Wo be unto him that crieth, All is well; yea, wo le
unto him that hearkeneth unto the precepts of men, and de
nieth the power of God and the gift of the Holy Ghost, Ya,
wo be unto him that saith, We have received, and we reel
no more. And in fine, wo unto all they that tremble, and at
angry because of the truth of God. For behold, he thats
built upon the rock, receiveth it with gladness; and he thi
is built upon a sandy foundation, trembleth, lest be shall fal |
Wo be unto him that shall say, We have reccived the worl
of God, and we need no more of the word of God. for we
have enough. For behold, thus saith the Lord God: Lil
give unto the children of men line upon line, precept upon pie
cept, here a little and there e little; and blessed are the
that hearken unto my precepts, and lend an ear unto my cetit
sel, for they shall learn wisdom: for unto him that receiveih,
Twill give more; and them that shall say, We have enough,
from them shalt be taken away even that which they have=
‘@ureed is he that putteth his trust in man, or maketh flesh

 
