arm, or shall hearken unto the precepts of men, save their pre-
cepis shall be given by the powcr of the Holy Ghost.

Wo be unto the Gentiles, saith the Lord God of Hosts: fo
notwithstanding 1 shalllengthen out mine arm unto them from
day to day, they will deny me; nevertheless, I will be merci-
ful unto them, saith the Lord God, if they will repent and
come unto me: for mine arm is lengthened ont all the day
Jong, saith the Lord God of Hosts.

But behold, there shall be many at that day, when J shall
proceed to do a marvellous work among them, that 1 may re-
member my covenants which I have made unto the children of
inen, that I may set my hand again the second time to recovey
my people, which are of the House of Israel; and also, that I
may remember the promises which I have made unto thee, Ne-
phi, and alsé unto thy father, That I would remember your
seed; and that the words of your seed should proceed forth
out of my mouth unto your seed. And my words shall hiss
forth unto the ends of the earth, for a standard unto my peo-
ple, which are of the House of Israel. And because my words
shall hiss forth, many of the Gentiles shall say, A Bible, a Bi-
ble, we have got a Bible, and there cannot be.any more Bi-
ble. But thus saith the Lord God: O fools, they shall have
a Bible; and it shall proceed forth from the Jews, mine ancient
covenant people. And what thank they the Jews for the Bi-
ble which they receive from them? Yea, what do the Gentiles
mean? Do they remember the travels, and the labors, and the
pains of the Jews, and their diligence unto me, in bringing
torth salvation unto the Gentiles ¢ f

O ye Gentiles, have ye remembered the Jews, mine ancient
covenant people? Nay; but ye have cursed them, and have

‘hated them, and have not sought to recover them. But be-
hold, I will return all these things upon your own heads: for
I the Lord, hath not forgotten my people. Thou fool, that shall
say, A Bible, we have got a Bible, and we need no more Bible.
Have ye obtained a Bible, save it were. by the Jews? Know
ye not that there are more nations than one? Know ye not
that [the Lord your God, have created all men, and’ that 1
yemember they which are upon the isles of the sea; and that
Irale in the heavens above, and in the earth beneath; and J
bring forth my word unto the children of men, yea, even upon
all the nations of the earth? Wherefore murmuisye, because.
that ye shall receive more of my word? Know ye not that the.
testimony of two nations is a witness unto you that I am Gods
