{les us will repent, are the covenant people of the Lord; and
as many of the Jews as will not repent, shall be cast off: for
the Lord covenanteth with none, save it be with them that re-
ent and believe in his Son, which is the Holy One of Israel.
And now, J would prophesy somewhat more concerning the
Jews and the Gentiles. For after the book of which J have
spoken shall come forth, and be written unto the Geatiles, and
sealed up again unto the Lord, there shall be many which shali
believe the words which are written; and they shall carry
them forth unto the remnant of our seed. And then shall the
remnant of our seed know concerning us, how that we came
out from Jerusalem, and that they are a descendant of the
Jews, And the Gospel of Jesus Christ shall be declared among
them; wherefore, they shall be restored unto the knowledge
of their fathers, and also to the knowledge of Jesus Christ,
which was had among their fathers. And then shall they re~
joice: for they shall know that it is a blessing unto them from
the hand of God; and their seales of darkness shall hegin to
fall from their eyes; and many generations shall not pass away
among them, save they shall be a white and a delightsome
people.

And it shall come to pass that the Jews which are scattered,
‘also shall begin to believe in Christ; and they shall begin to
‘gather in upon the face of the land; and as many as shall be-
lieve in Christ, shall also become a delightsome people.

And it shall come to pass that the Lord God shall commence
his work, among all nations, kindreds, tongues, and people, to
bring about the restoration of his people upon the earth. And
with righteousness shall the Lord God judge the poor, and re-
prove with equity, for the meek of the earth, And he shall
smite the carth with the rod of his mouth; and with the breath
‘of his lips shall he slay the wicked: for the time speedily
cometh, that the Lord God shall cause a great division among
the people ; and the wicked will he destroy ; and he will spare
his people, yea, even if it so be that he must destroy the
wicked by fire. And righteousness shall be the girdle of his
Joins, and faithfulness the girdle of his reins. And then shall
the wolf dwell with the lamb, and the leopard shall lie down
withthe kid; and the calf, and the young lion, and the fatling,
together; and a little child shall lead them. And the cow aifd”
the bear shall feed; their young ones shall lie down together ;
and the lion shall eat straw like the ox. And the sucking
child shall play on the hole of the asp, and the weaned child
