shall put his hand on the cockatrice’s den. They shall ng
burt nor destroy in all my holy mountain: for the earth shal]
be full of the knowledge of the Lord, as the waters cove!
the sea. Wherefore, the things of all nations shall be mak
known; yea, all things shall be made known unto the childrey
of men. There is nothing which is secret, save it shall
revealed; there is no works of darkness, save it shall be mak
manifest in the light; and there is nothing which is scaled
upon the earih, save it shall be loosed, Wherefore, all thi

which have been revealed unto the children of men, shall a
that day be revealed; and Satan shall have power over the
hearts of the children of men no more, for a long time. Ani
now, my beloved brethren, I must make an end of my saying,

—
CHAPTER XIII.

Anp now T, Nephi, make an end of my prophesying unig,
you, my beloved brethren. And I cannot write but a fey
things, which J know must surely come to pass; neither em
1 write but a few of the words of my brother Jacob. Where
fore, the things which I have written, sufficeth me, save it ber
few words which I must speak, concerning the doctrine di
Christ; wherefore, I shall speak unto you plainly, according
to the plainnesa of my prophesying. For roy son! delightett
in plainness: for after this manner doth the Lord God work
among the children of men. For the Lord God giveth lieht
unto the understanding: for he speaketh unto men according |
to their language, unto their understanding. Wherefore, |
would that ye should remember that 1 baye spoken unto you,
concerning that Prophet which the Lord showed unto me, tht
should baptize the Lamb of God, which should take away tle
sins of the world. |

And now, if the Lamb of God, he being holy, should have
need to be baptized by water, to fulfil all righteousness, O then,
how mnch more need have we, being unholy, to be haptizei,
yea, even by water. And now, I would ask of you, my beloved
brethren, wherein the Lamb of God did fulfil all righteousness
in being baptized by water? Know ye not that he was holy!
But notwithstanding he being holy, he showeth unto the chit
dren of men, that according to the flesh, he humblcth himself
tefore the Father, and witnesseth unto the Father that le

 
