gay unto you, that if ye will enter in by the way, and receive
the Holy Ghost, it will shew unto you all things what ye should
do. Behold, this is the doctrine of Christ; and there will be
no more doctrine given, until after that he shall manifest him
self unto you in the flesh, And when he shall manifest hims
self unto you in the flesh, the things which he shall say unte
you, shall ye ohserve to do.

And now J, Nephi, cannot say more: the spirit stoppeth
mine utterance, and I am left to mourn because of the unbehef,
and the wickedness, and the ignorance, and ihe stif-necked-
ness of men: for they will not search knowledge, nor under-
stand great knowledge, when it is given unto them ip plainness,
even as plain as word can be.

And now my beloved brethren, I perceive that ye ponder
still in your hearts ; and it grieveth me that Imust speak con-
cerning this thing. For if ye would hearken unto the spirit
which teacheth a man to pray, ye would know that ye must
pray: for the evil spirit teacheth not a man to pray, but teach-
cth him that he must not pray. But behold, 1 say unto you,
that ye must pray always, and not faint; that ye must not per-
form any thing unto the Lord, save in the first place ye shalt
pray unto the Father in the name of Christ, that he will con-
secrate thy performance unto thee, that thy performance may”
he for the welfare of thy soul.

CHAPTER XY.

 

Ann now I, Nephi, cannot write all the things which were
taught among my people; neither am I mighty in writing, like
unto speaking: for when a man speaketh by the power of the
Holy Ghost, the power of the Holy Ghost carrieth-it unto the
hearts of the children of men. But behold, tlére are many
that harden their hearts against the [oly Spirit, that it hath no.
place in them ; wherefore, they cast many things away which
are written, and esteem them as things of nought. But], Ne-
pli, have written what I baye written; and I esteem it as of
great worth, and especially unto my people. For 1 pray con-
tinually for them by day, and mince eyes water my pillow by
night, because of them; and I cry unto my God in faith, and I
know that he will hear myery; and I know that the Lord God
wul conscerate my prayers, fer the gain of my people, And
