128 SECOND BOOK OF NEPHL |

   
  
  
   
   
 
    
  
 
  
    
  

the things which I have written in weakness, will be
strong unto them: for it persuadeth them to do good; it
keth known unto them of their fathers; and it speaketh of j
sus, and persuadeth men to believe in him, and to endure
the end, which is life eternal. And it speaketh harsh agai
sin, according io the plainness ofthe truth ; wherefore, no 1
will be angry at the words which I have written, save he sh
be of the spirit of the Devil. I glory in plainness; I glory j
trath; Igloryin my Jesus, for he hath redeemed my soul fro
hell. Ihave charity for my people, and great faith in Chrig
that I shall mect many souls spotless at his judgment seat.
have charity for the Jew; I say Jew, because 1 mean th
from whence I came. I also have charity for the Gentiles,
But behold, for none of these I cannot hope, except they shal
be veconciled anto Christ, and enter into the narrow gate, a
walk in the straight path, which leads to life, and continue j
dhe path antil the end of the day of probation.

And now, my beloved brethren, and also Jew, and all
ends of the earth, hearken unto these words, and believe i
Christ; and if ye believe not in these words, believe in Ching.
And if ye shall believe in Christ, ye will believe in these wor
for they are the words of Christ, and he hath given them wis
me ; and they teach all men that they should do good. Att
if they are not the words of Christ, judge ye: for Christ wl
shew unto you, with power and great glory, that they are lil
‘words, at the last day; and you and I shall stand face to fae!
before his bar; and ye shall know that I have been comma
ded of him to write these things, notwithstanding my weil
ness: and I pray the Father in the name of Christ, that mam
of us, if not all, may be saved in his kingdom, at that gre
and last day. .

And now, my beloved brethren, all they which are of t
House of Israel, and all ye ends of the earth, 1 speak unto yol
as the voice of one crying from the dust: farewell until the
great day shall come; and you that will not partake of th
goodness of God, and respect the words of the Jews, and aly
my words, and the words which shall proceed forth out of tle
mouth of the Lamb of God, behold, ¥ bid you an everlastim
tavewell, for these words shall condemn you at the last day!
for what I seal on earth, shall be brought against you at tht
Judgment bar; for thus hath the Lord commanded me, and!
ymust obey. Amen. ,

 
