THE BOOK OF JACOB,
THE BROTHER OF NEPHI.
CHAPTER I.

Bie words of his preaching unto his brethren. He confound:
eth a man who secketh to overthrow the doctrine of Christ.
A few words concerning the history of the people of Nephi-

For behold, it came to pass that fifty and five years had
passed away, from the time that Lehi left Jerusalem ; where~
fore, Nephi gave mc, Jacob, a commandment concerning the
small plates, upon which these things are engraven. And he
gave me, Jacob, a commandment that I should write upon
these plates, a few of the things which { considered to be most
precious: that I should not touch, save it were lightly, con-
cerning the history of this people which are called the people
of Nephi. For he said that the history of his people should
be engraven upon his other plates, and that I should preserve
these plates, and hand them down unto my sced, from gene-
ration to generation. And if there were preaching which was
sacred, or revelation which was great, or prophesying, that I
should engraven the heads of them upon these plates, and
touch upon them as much as it were possible, for Christ’s
sake, and for the sake of our people: for because of faith and
great anxiety, it truly had been made manifest unto us concer~
ning our people, what things should happen unto them. And
we also had many revelations, and the spirit of much proph-
ecy; wherefore, we knew of Christ and bis Kingdom, which
should come. Wherefore, we laboured diligently among our
people, that we might persuade them to come unto Christ,
and partake of the goodness of God, that they might enter into
his rest, lest hy any means he should swear in his wrath they
should not enter in, as in the provocation in the days of tempt~
ation, while the children of israel were in the wilderness.—
Wherefore, we would to God that we could persuade all men:
not 10 rebel against God, to provoke him to anger, but that alk
men would believe in Christ, and view his death, and suffer
his cross, and bear the shame of the world ; whérefore, I, Ja~

oe it upon me to fulfil the commandment of my brother
Nephi. *
