deapised the words of plainness, and killed the Prophets, and
sought for things that they could not understand. Wherefore,
because of their blindness, which blindness came by looking
beyond the mark, they must needs fall: for God hath taken
away his plainness from them, and delivered unto them many
things which they cannot understand; because they desired it.
And because they desired it, God hath donc it, that they may
stumble.

And now I, Jacob, am led on by the spirit unto prophesying:
for I perceive by the workings of the spirit which is in me,
that by the stumbling of the Jews, they will reject the stone
upen which they might build, and have safe foundation. But
behold, according to the Scriptures, this stone shall become
the great, and the last, and the only sure foundation, upon
which the Jews can build. And now, my beloved, how is it
possible that these, after having rejected the sure foundation,
can ever build upon it, that it may become the head of their
eorner? Behold, my beloved brethren, I will unfold this mys-
tery, unto you; if] do not, by any means, get shaken from my
firmness in the spirit, and stumble because of my over anxiety
for you.

Behold, my brethren, do ye not remember to have read the
words of the Prophet Zenos, which spake unto the House of
Isracl, saying: Hearken O ye House of Israel, and hear the
words of me, a Prophet of the Lord: for behold, thus saith
the Lord, I will liken thee, O House of Israel, like unto a tame
olive tree, which a man took and nourished in his vineyard ; and
it grew, and waxed old, and began to decay. And it came to
pass that the master of the vineyard went forth, and he saw
that his olive tree began to decay; and he sayeth, I will prance
it, and dig about it, and nourish it, that perhaps it may shoot
forth young and tender branches, and it perish not, And it
came to pass that he pruned it, and digged about it, and nour-
ished it, according to his word. And it came to pass that after
many days, it began to put forth somewhat a ithe, young and
tender branches; but behold, the main top thereof began to
perish. And it came to pass that the master of the vineyard
saw it, and he sayeth unto his servant, It grieveth me that I
should lose this tree; wherefore, go and pluck the branches
from a wild olive tree, and bring them hither unto me; and we
will pluck off those main branches which are begining to
wither away, and we will cast them into the fire, that they may
be burned. And behold, saith the Lord of the vineyard, ¥
