take away many of these young and tender branches, and}
will graft them whithersoever 1 will; and it mattercth not ‘thes
if it so be, that the root of this tree will perish, I may presen
the fruit thereof unto myself; wherefore, I will iake thee
young and tender branches, and I will graft them whither,
ver} will. Take thou the branches of tie wild olive t;

graft them in, inthe stead thereof; and these which 1 hay
plucked off, I will cast into the fire, and burn them, that thy
may not cumber the ground of my vineyard, .

And it came to pass’that the servant of the Lord of the vin.
yard, done according to the word of the Lord of the vibeyar
and grafted in the branches of the wild olive tree. And te
Lord of the vineyard caused that it should be digged abou,
and pruned, and nourished, saying unto his servant, It grieve
me that I Should lose this tree ; wherefore, that perhaps |
might preserve the roots thereof that they perish not, thal]
might preserve them unto myself, I have done this thing~
Wherefore, go thy way; watch the tree, and nourish it, acon.
sling to my words. And these will I place in the nethermsy:
part of my vineyard, whithersoever I will, it mattereth not un
thee; and Ido it, that I may preserve unto myself the natu!
branches of the tree; and also, that Imay lay up fruit thera
against the season, unto myself: for it grieveth me that]
should lose this tree, and the fruit thereof. ‘

And it came to pass that the Lord of the vineyard wentli
way, and hid the natural branches of the tame olive tree inte,
nethermost parts of the vineyard; some in one, and somein
another, according to his will and pleasure. ‘And it cameh
pass that a long time passed away, and the Lord of the vite
yard sayeth unto his servant, Come, let us go down into tk
vineyard, that we may labor in the vineyard.

And it came to pass that the Lord of the vineyard, and alo
the servant, went down into the vineyard to labor, Andi
came to pass that the servant sayeth unto his master, Behali,
look here; behold the tree. And it came to pass thut the
Lord of the vineyard looked and heheld the tree, in the which
the wild olive branches had been grafted; and it had Spry
forth, and began to bear frnit. And he beheld that it #8
good; and the fruit thereof was like unto the natural frit-
And he sayeth unto the servant, Behold, the branches of the
wild trec hath taken hold of the moisture of the root there
that the root thereof hath brought forth much strength; al
because of the much strength of the root thercof, the will

 

 
