ranches hat) brought forth tame. fruit: now, if we had not
crafted in these branches, the tree thereof would have per-
ished, And now, behold, [ shall lay up much fruit, which the
iree thereof hath brought forth; and the fruit thercof 1 shall
lay up, against the son, unto uline own self,

“And it came to. pass that the Lord of the vineyard sayeth
unto the servant, Come, let us go to. the nethermost part of
the vineyard, and behold if the natural branches of the tree
hath not brought forth much fruit alse, that T may lay up of the
frit thereof, against the season, wito mine own self, And it
came to pass that they went forth whither the master of the
vineyard had hid the natural branches of the tree, and he say-
eth unto the servant, Behold these: and he beheld the first,
that it had brought forth much fruit; and he beheld also, that
it was good. And he sayeth unto the servant, Take of the
fruit thereof, and Jay it up, against the season, that I may pre-
serve it unto mine own self: for behold, sayeth he, This long
time have I nourished it, and it hath brought forth much fruit.

And it came to pass that the servant sayeth unto his master,
How comest thou hither to plant this tree, or this branch of
the tree? for behold, it was the poorest spot in all the land
of thy vineyard. And thé Lord of the vineyard sayeth unto
him, Counsel me not: J knew thatit wasa poor spot of ground;
wherefore, [ said unto thee, [ havenourished it this long time;
and thou beholdest that it hath brought forth much fruit.

And it came to pass that the Lord of the vineyard sayeth

unto his servant, Look hither: behold, 1 have planted another
branch of the tree also; and thou knowest that this spot of
ground was poorer than the first. But, behold the tree: i!
have nourished it this long time, and it hath brought forth
much fruit; therefore, gather it, and lay it up, against the sea-
son, that I may preserve it unto mine own self,
_ And it came to pass that the Lord of the vineyard sayeth
again unto his servant, Look hither, and behold another branch
also, which | have planted: behold that 1 have nourished it
also, and it hath brought forth fruit. And he sayeth unto the
servant, Look hither, and behold the last: behold, this have
I planted in a good spot of ground; aud J have nourished it
this long time, and only a part of the tree hath brought forth
tame fruit; and the other part of the tree hath brought forth
~a fruit : behold, I have nourished this tree like unto the
others, :

And it came to pass that the Lord of the vineyard sayeth

 
