pruned it, and T have dunged it; and I have stretched taal
mine hand wknost alt the daylong; and the end driwweth yj
And it grieveth me that 1 should hew down all the trees of
vineyard, end cast them into the fire, that they should be by.
ned. Who isit that hath corrupted my vineyard? ‘
And it came to pass that the servant, sayeth unto his ma
fer, Is it not the I6ftiness of thy vineyard? Hath not ty
branches thereof eame the roots, which are good 4 “Ay
because that the ches have overcame the roots theroft
For beholt, they grew faster than the strength of the roo
thereof, taking strength unto themselves. Behold, I sey, hy
not this the cause that the trees of thy vineyard hath becom
corrupted ? ; 4
And it came to pass that the Lord of the vineyard sayej
unto the servant, Let us go to, and hew down the trees of te
vineyard, and cast (hem into the fire, that they shall not am.
ber the ground of my vineyard; for ] have done all: why
could ! have donc more for my vineyard? But bebold, tk
servant saith unto the Lord of the vineyard, Spare it a fit
longer. And the Lord saith, Yea, I will spare it a little longer;
for it grieveth me that should lose the trees of my vineyant
Wherefore, let us take of the branches of these which I hat
planted in the nethermost parts of my vineyard, and let usgra
them into the tree from whence they came ;,gnd let us pluc
from the tree, those branches whose fruit is most bitter, an
grafi in the natural branches of the tree, in the stead thereat
And this will Ido, that the tree may not perish, that perhepsl
may preserve unto myself the roots thereof, for mine own pir
pose. And behold, the roots of the natural branches of tle
tree which T planted whithersocver TE would, are yet alive;
wherefore, that 1 may preserve them also, for mine own pur
pose, I will take of the branches of this tree, aiid i will gat
them in unto them. Yea, 1 will graft in unto them the branch
es of their mother tree, that I may preserve the roots also unio
mine own self, that when they shall be sufficiently strong, thet
perhaps they may bring forth good fruit unto me, and | mey
yet have glory in the fruit of my vineyard.
And it came to pass that they took from the natural te
which had become wild, and grafted in unto the natural tree?
which also had become wild; and they also took of the natir
ral trees which had become wild, aud grafted into their mothe
tree. And the Lord of the vineyard sayeth uato the servail
Pluck not the wild branches from the trees, save it be thos?

  

   
   
   

 
