‘hecause of the frait of my vineyard, For behold, for a long
time will [ lay up of the fruit of my vineyard unto mime own
self, against the season, which speedily cometh; and for the
last time have | nourished my vineyard, and pruned it, and dug
about it, and dunged il ; wherefore { will Jay up unto mine own,
self of the fruit, tor a long time, according to that which I have
spoken. And when (he time cometh that evil fruit shail again
come into my vineyard, then will 1 cause the good and the
bad to be gathered; and the good will I preserve unto myself ;
and the bad will 1 cast away mto its own place. And then”
cometh the season and the end; and my vineyard will I cause
to be burned with fire.

CHAPTER IV.

‘Any now, behold, my brethren, as I said tnio you that I
would prophesy, behold, this is my prophesy: That the things
which this prophet Zenos spake, concerning the House of Is-
racl, in the which he likened them unto a tame olive tree, must
surely come to pass. And in the day that he shall set his hand
again the second time to recover his people, is the day, yea,
even the last time, that the servants of the Lord shall go forth
in his power, to nourish and prune his vineyard; and after
that, the end soon cometh. And how blessed are they who
have Jabored diligently in his vineyard; and how cursed are
they which shall be cast out into their own place! And the
world shall be burned with fire. And how merciful is our
God unto us: for he remembereth the House of Israel, both
roots and branches; and he stretches forth his hands unto
them, all the day long: and they are a ~tiffnecked, and a gain-
saying people; but as many as will not harden their hearts,
shall be saved in the Kingdom of God. Wherefore, my belo-
yed brethren, I beseech of you in words of soberness, that ye
would repent, and come with full purpose of heart, and cleave ~
unto God as he cleaveth unto you. And while his arm of
mercy is extended towards you in the light of the day, harden
not your hearts. Yea, to-day if ye will hear his voice, harden
not your hearts: for why will ye die? For behold, after that.
ye have been nourished by the good word of God all the day
long, will ye bring forth evil fruit, that ye must be hewn down

_ and cast into the fire? Behold, will ye reject these words *
