1 shall die; wherefore, I desire to speak unto the people bg,
fore that 1 shal} dic.

And it came to pass that on the morrow, that the multitu,
were gathered together; and he spake plainly unto them, an?
denied the things which he had taught them; and confessed
the Christ, and the power of the Holy Ghost, and the ming
tering of Angels, And he spake plainly unto them, that bp
had heen deceived by the power of the Devil. And he spely
of hell, and of eternity, and of cternal punishment. And iy
sayeth, I fear lest I have committed the unpardonable sin, fy
T have lied unto God: for I denied the Christ, and said tha
I believed the Seriptures; and they truly testify of him. An?
because that I have thus lied unto God, I greatly fear lest my
vase shall be awful; but 1 confess unto God.

And it came to pass that when he had said these words, lk
could say no more; and he gave up the ghost. And whentl
multitude had witnessed that he spake these things as he wx
about to give up the ghost, they were astonished exceedingly;
insomuch, that the power of God came down upon them, aid
they were overcome, that they fell to the earth. Now, ili
thing was pleasing unto me, Jacob; for I had requested itd
my Father which was im Heaven : for he had heard my ery, ad
answered my prayer.

And it came to pass that peace, and the love of God, wa
restored again among the people; and they searched the Semp -
tures, and hearkened no more tothe words of this wicked ma.
And it came to pass that many means were devised, to reclain
and restore the Lamanites, to the knowledge of the truth ; ht
it all were vain: for they delighted in wars and bloodsheds;
and they had an eternal hatred against us, their brethren. An
they sough by the power of their arms to destroy us cotl:
nually ; wherefore, the people of Nephi did fortify against them
with their armies, and with all their might, trusting in the Goi
and the rock of their salvation; wherefore, they became as ye,
conquerors of their enemies. :

And it came to pass that I, Jacob, began to be old; andthe
record of this people being kept on the other plates of Nephi,
wherefore, T conclude this record, declaring that I have writ
ten. according to the best of my knowledge, by saying, That
the time passed away with us, and also our lives passed away,
like as if were unto us a dream, we being a lonesome and &
solemn people, wanderers cast’ out from Jerusalem; bora i
tribulation, in a wilderness, and hated of our brethren, which

 
