eaused wars and contentions; wherefore, we did mourn out
our days.

And I, Jacob, saw that 1 must soon go down to my grave;
wherefore, I said unto my son Enos, Take these plates. And
1 told him the things which my brother Nephi had commandéd
me; and he promised obedience unto the commands. And I
make an end of my writing upon these plates, which writing
hath been small; and to the reader I bid farewell, hoping that
many of my brethren may read my words. Brethren, adieu.

 

THE BOOK OF ENOS.
CHAPTER I.

Benoip, it came to pass that I, Enos, knowing my fathew,
that he was a just man: for he taught me in bis language, and
also in the nurture and admonition of the Lord, And blessed:
be the name of my God for it. And | will tell you of the’.
wrestle which I had before God, before that I received a re-
mission of my sins: behold, I went to hunt beasts in the fo-
rest; and the words which I had often heard my father speak,
concerning eternal life, and the joy of the saints, and the words
of my father, sunk deep into my heart. And my soul hun-
gered; and I kneeled down before my Maker, and J cried un-
to him in mighty prayer and supplication, for mine own soul;
and all the day long did I cry unto him; yea, and when the
aight eame, I did stillraise my voice high. that it reached the
heavens. And there came a voice unto me saying, Enos, thy
sins are forgiven thee, and thou shalt be blessed. And 1,
Enos, knew that God could not ie; wherefore, my guilt was
swept away. And I sayeth, Lord, how isit done? And he
sayeth unto me, Because of thy faith in Christ, whom thou hast
not heard nor seen, And many years passeth away, before
that he shall manifest himself in the flesh; wherefore, go to it,
thy faith hath made thee whole,

Now, it came to pass that when I had heard these words, I
began to feel a desire for the welfare of my brethren, the Ne.
phites; wherefore, I did pour out my whole soul unto God
for them. And while I was thus straggling in'the spirit, behold,
the yoice of the Lord came into my tind again, saying, I will
Visit thy brethren, according to their diligence in keeping my
