dwelling in tents, and wandering about in the wilderness, with
a short skin girded about their foins, and their heads shaven;
and their skill was in the bow, and the cimeter, and the axe.—
And may of them did eat nothing save it was raw meat; and
they were continually seeking to destroy us. :

And it came to pass that the people of Nephi did till the
Jand, and raise all manner of grain, and of fruit, and flocks of
herds, and ilocks of all manner of cattle, of every kind, and
goats, and wild goats, and also much horses. And thereywere
exceeding many prophets among us. And the people were @
sliftnecked people, hard to understand. And there was noth-
ing save it was exceeding harshness, preaching, and proplhie-
sying of wars, and contentions, and destractions, and continu-
ally reminding them of death, and the duration of eternity, and
the judgments and the power of God ; and all these thingsstir-
ring them up continually, to keep them in the fear of the Lord,
Tsay there was nothing short of these things, and exceeding
great plainness of speech, would keep them from going down
speedily to destruction. And after this manner do 1 write
concerning them. And I saw wars between the Nephites and
Lamanites, in the course of my days.

And it came to pass that I began to be old, and an hundred
and seventy and nine years had passed away from the time
that our father Lehi left Jerusalem. And as I saw that I
must soon ¢o down to my grave, having been wrought upon by
the power of God, that 1 must preach and prophesy unto
this people, and declare the word according to the truth, which
is in Christ. And J have declared it, in all my days, and
have rejoiced in it, above that of the world. And 1 soon go
io the place of my rest, which is with my redeemer; for I
know that in him J shall rest: and I rejoice in the day when
my niortal shall pat on immortality, and shall stand before
him: then shall I see his face with pleasure, and he will “4
unto me, Come unto me ye blessed, there is a place prepare
for you in the mansions of my Faragr. Amen.
