wrote, hat he wrote it with his own hand; and he wrote it
in the day that he delivered them unto me. And after this
manner we keep the records: for it is according 10 ihe com-
mandments of our fathers: And I make an end.

Behold, I, Abinadom, 1 am the son of Chemish. Behold, it
came to pass that | saw much war and contention between my
people, the Nephites, and the Lamanites; and J, with mine
own sword, have taken the lives of many of the Lamanites, in
the defence of my brethren. And behold, the record of this
people is engraven upon plates which is had by the kings, ac-
cording to the generations ; and I know of no revelation, save
that which has been writlen, neither prophecy; wherefore,
that which is sufficient, is written. And I make an end.

Behold, I am Amaleki, the son of Abinadom. Behold, 1
will speak unto you somewhat concerning Mosiah, which was
made king over the land of Zarahemla: for behold, he being
warned of the Lord that he should flee out of the Jand of Ne-
phi, and as many as would hearken unto the voice of the Lord,
should also depart out of the land with him, into the wilder-
ness, And it came to pass that he did according as the Lord
had commanded him. And they departed ont of the land into”
the wilderness, as many as would hearken unto the voice of
the Lord; and they were Jed by many preaching and proph- ,
esyings. And they were admonished continually by the word
of-God; and they were led by the power of his arm, through
the wilderness, until they came down into the land which is
_ called the land of Zaraberla. And they discovered a people,

which was called the people of Zarahomla. Now, there was
great rejoicing among the people of Zarahemla’; and also, Za-
rahemla did rejoice exceedingly, because that the Lord had
sent the people of Mosiah with the plates of brass which con-
tained the record of the Jews.

Behold, it came to pass that Mosiah discovered that the
people of Zarahemla, came out from Jerusalem, at the time
that Zedekiah, king of Judah, was carried away captive into
Babylon. And they journied inthe wilderness, and was brought
hy the hand of the Lord, across the great waters, info the
Jand where Mosiah discovered them; and they had dwelt there.
from that time forth. And at the time that Mosiah discovered
them, they had become exceeding numerous, Nevertheless,
“they had had many wars and serious contentions, and had
fallen by the sword from time to time; and the language had
become corrupted; and they had broughtno records with them;

  
