and they denied the being of their Creator; and Mosiah, noy
the people of Mosiab, could not understand then.

But it came to pass that Mosiab caused that they should be |
taught in his language. And it came to pass that after they
were taught in the language of Mosiah, Zarahemla gave a gene
ealogy of his fathers, according to his memory ; and they are
wrilten, but not in these plates,

And it came to pass that the people of Zarahemla, and of
Musiah, did unite together; and Mosiah was appoiuted to be
their king. And it came to pass in the day's of Mosiah, there was
a large stone brought unto him, with engravings on it; and he
did interpret the engravings, by the gift and power of God,

And they gave an account of one Coriantum, and the slain
of his people, And Coriantaumr was discovered by the people
of Zarahemla; and he dwelt with them for the space of nine
Moons. It also spake a few words concerning his fathers
And his first parents came out from the Tower, at the time
the Lord confounded the language of the people; and the se
verity of the Lord fell upon them, according to his judgments,
which is just; and their bones lay scattered in the land north.
ward. ;

Behold, I, Amaleki, was born in the days of Mesiah ; and
have lived to see his death; and Benjamin, his son, rcigneth
in his stead. And behold, I have seen in the days of king
Benjamin, a seriéus war, and much bloodshed, between the
Nephites and the Lamanites, But behold, the Nephites did
obtain much advantage over them; yea, insomuch that king
Benjamin did drive them out of the lund of Zarahemla.

And it came'to pass that I began to be old; and, having no
seed, and knowing king Benjamin to be a just man before the
Lord, wherefore, I shall deliver up these plates unto him, ex
horting all men to come unto God, the Holy One of Israel, and
helieve in prophesying, and in revelations, and in the minister
ing of Angels, and in the gift of speaking with tongues, and in
the gift of interpreting languages in all things which is good:
for there is nothing which is good, save it comes from tbe
Lord ; and that which is evil, cometh from the Devil. A‘

And now, my beloved brethren, I would that ye should come
unto Christ, which is the Holy One of Israel, and partake of
his salvation, and the power of his redemption. Yea, come
unto him, and offer your whole souls as an offering unto
him, and continue in fasting and praying, and endure to the
end ; and as the Lord liveth, ye will be saved,

 
