dilyer, nor no manner of riches of you; neither have I suffered

that ye should be confined in dungeons, nor that ye should

make slaves one of another, or that ye should murder, or plun-

der, or steal, or commit adultery, or even 1 have not sutfered

that ye should commit any manuer of wickedness, and have

taught you that ye should keep the commandments of the

Lord, in all things which he bath commanded you; and even

J, myself, have labored with mine own hands, that | might

serve-you, and that ye should not be laden with taxes, and

that there should nothing come upon you which was grievous

to be borne; and of all these things which | have spoken, ye

yourselves are witnesses this day. Yet, my brethren, I have.
not done these things that I might boast, neither do I tell these

things that thereby I might accuse you; but I tell you these

things, that ye may know that I can answer a clear conscience

before God this day. Behold, J say unto you, that because I

sadunto you that I had spent my days in your service, 1 do

not desire to boast, for I have only been in the service of God.

And behold, 1 tell you these things, that ye may learn wisdom ;

that ye may learn that when ye are in the service of your fel-

low beings, ye are only in the service of your God. Behold,

ye have called me your king; and if I, whom ye call your king,

do labor to serve you, then had not ye ought to labor to serve

me another? And behold, also, if 1, who ye call your king,

who has spent his days in yeur service, and yet hath been in

the service of God, doth merit any thanks from you, O how

had you ought to thank your heavenly King! I say unto you,

my brethren. that if you should render all the thanks and

praise which your whole souls hath power to possess, to that.
God who hath created you, and hath kept and preserved you,

and bath caused that ye should rejoice, and hath granted that ®
ye should live im peace one with another; Tsay unto you, that,
if ye should serve him who hath created you from the begin-

ting, ahd art preserving you from day to day, by lending you

breath, that ye may live and move, and do according to your own

wil, and even supporting you from one moment to another; I

sy, if ye should serve bim with all your whole soul, and yet.
ye would be unprofitable servants. And bebold, all that he

‘requires of you, is to keep his commandments; and he hath

promised you that if ye would keep his commandments, ye

should prosper in the Jand; and he never doth vaty from that

which he hath said; therefore, if ye do keep his command.

ments, he deth bless you, and prosper you. .
