 
   
    
  
    
   
   
  
   
   
   
 
 
    
   
  
  
  
    
 

ven, that thereby they may dwell with God, in a state of
ending happiness. O remember, remember that these thj
are true; for the Lord God hath spoken it.
And again my brethren, | would call your attention, fo
have somewhat more to speak unto you: for behold, I
things to tell you, concerning that which is to come; an
things which d shall tell you, are made known unto me,
Angel from Gop. And he said unto me, Awake; and I aval,
and behold, he stood before me. And he said unto
Awake, and hear the words which J shall tell thee: forbe
Lam come to declare unto you the glad tidings of great)
For the Lord hath heard thy prayers, and hath judged of
righteousness, and hath sent me to declare unto thee that thy
mayest rejoice ; and that thou mayest declare unto thy pe
that they may also be filled with joy. For behold, thet
cometh, and is not far distant, that with power, the Lord!
nipotent who reigneth, which was, and 1s from al} eternity!
all eternity, shall come down from Heaven, among the
dren of men, and shull dwell ina tabernacle of clay,sand
go forth amongst men, working mighty miracles, such as
fing the sick, raising the dead, causing the lame to walk!
blind to receive their sight, and the deaf to hear, and
all manner of diseases; and he shall cast out Devils, or
evil spirits which dwellethvin the hearts of the children of
And jo, he shall suffer temptations, and pain of body, hump
thirst, and fatigue, even more than man can suffer, excepl)
be unto death: for behold, blood cometh from every pores
great shall be his anguish for the wickedness and the abit
nations of his people. And he shall he called Jesus Chi
the Son of God, the Father of Heaven and Warth, the em
of all things, from the beginning; and his mother shall beed
Mary. And Jo, he cometh unto his own, that salvation mi
come unto the children of men, even through faith on hisa
and even after all this, they shall consider him a man, and ®
that he hath a-Devil, and shall scourge him, and shall a
him. And he shall rise the third day from the dead;
_ behold, he standeth to judge the world. And behold, all
things are done, that a righteous judgment might come
the children of men. For behold, and also his blood at
for the sins of those who have fallen by the transy
Adam, who hath died, not knowing the will of God eon
them, or who have ignoranily sinned. But wo, wo untoli
who knoweth that he rebelleth against God: for sal

 

 

 
