aio more blameless in the sight of God, only according to the
words which I have spoken unto thee.

And now, I have spoken the words which the Lord God
hath commanded me. And thus saith the Lord: They sha}
stand asa bright testimeny against this people, at the judg
ment day; whereof, they shall be judged, every man, accor.
ding to his works, whether they be good, or whether they by
evil; and if they be evil, they are consigned to an awful view
of their own guilt and abominations, which doth cause then
to shrink from the presence of the Lord, into a state of misery
and endless torment, from whence they can no more return;
therefore, they have drunk damnation to their own souls—
Therefore, theyhave drunk out of the cup of the wrath of God
which justice could no more deny unto them, than it could de |
ny that Adam should fall, because of his partaking of the for
bidden fruit; therefore, merey could have claim on them 19 |
more forever. And their torment is asa lake of fire and brim-
stone, whose flames are unquenchable, and whose smoke ay
cendeth up forever and ever. Thus hath the herd epmmat-
ded me. Amen. :

‘a a
CHAPTER IL.

Anp Row, it came to pass that when king Benjamin hal
made an end of speaking the words which had been delivered
unto him by the Angel of the Lord, that he cast his eyes rout
about on the multitude, and behold, they had fell to the earth
for the fear of the Lord had come upon them; and they had
viewed themselves in their own carnal state, even less that
the dust of the earth. And they all cried aloud with one
voice, saying, O have mercy, and apply the atoning blood af
Christ, that we may receive forgiveness of our sins, and of
hearts may be purified: for we believe in Jesus Christ, the
Son of God, who created Heaven and earth, and all thingy
who shall come down among the children of mex.

And it came to pass that after they had spoken ‘these words
the spirit of the Lord came upon them, and they were filled
with joy, having received a remission of their sins, and having
oe of conscience, because of the exceeding faith which they

ad in Jesus Christ which should come, according to the
words which king Benjamin had spoken unto them. And

 
