ether name; therefore, he findeth himself on the left hand of
God. And I would that ye should remember also, that this
is the name that I said I should give unio you, that never
should be blotted out, execpt it be through transgression ;
therefore, take heed that ye do not transgress, that the name
he not blotted out of your bearts. [say unto you, I would that
ye should remember to retain the name written always in your
hearts, that ye are not found on the left hand of God, but that
ye hear and know the voice by which ye shall be called, and
also, the name by which he shall call you: for, how knoweth
a man the master which he hath not served, and which is a
stranger unto him, and is far from the thoughts and intents of
his heart? And again: Doth a man take an ass which be-
longeth to bis neighbor, and keep him? 1 say unto you, Nay;
he will not even suffer that he shall feed among his flocks, but
will drive him away, and cast him out. I say unto you, that
even so shall it be among you, if ye know not the name by
which ye are called, Therefore, I would that ye should be
steadfast and immovable, always abounding in good works,
that Christ, the Lord God Omnipotent, may seal you his, that
you may be brought to Heaven, that ye may have everlasting
salvation and cternal life, through the wisdom, and power, and _
justice, and mercy of Him, who created all things, in Heaven
and in Earth, who is God above all. Ann. pe

 

CHAPTER IY.

Ano now, king Benjamin thought it was expedient, after
having fiaished speaking to the people, that he should take the
names of ull those who had entered into a cove ith God,
to keep his commandments. And it came to pass that there
was not one soul, except it were little children, but what had
entered into the covenant, and had taken upon them the name
of Christ. And again: It came to pass that when king Ben+
jamin had made an end of all these things, and had consecra-—
ted his son Mosiah, to be a ruler and a king over his peoph
and had given him all the charges concerning the kingdom, and
also had appointed priests to teach the people, that thereby —
they might hear and know the commandments of God, and to
stir (hem up in remembrance of the oath whieh they had “se
