Ring of the people, which was in the land of Nephi, and in the
land of Shilom; and they were surrounded by the king’s guard,
and was taken, and was bound, and was committed to prison,
And it came to pass when they had been in prison two days,
they were again brought before the king, and their bands were.
loosed; and they stood before the king, and was permitted, ov
yather commanded that they should answer the questions which
he should ask them. And he saith unto them, Behold, ¥
am Limhi, the son of Noah, which was the son of Zeniff, which
came up out of the land of Zarahemla to inherit this land,
which was the Jand of their fathers, which was made a king
by the voice of the people. And now, J desire to know the
cause whercby ye were so bold as to come near the walls of
the city, when J, myself, was with my guards, without the
gate? And now, for this cause have I suticred that ye should
be preserved, that 1 might inquire of you, or else I should
have caused that my guards should have put you to death.—-
Ye are permitted to speak.

Andnow, when Ammon saw that he was permitted to speak,
he went forth and bowed himsclf before the king; and msing”
again, he said, O king, lam very thankful before God this
day, that Iam yet alive; and am permitted to speak; and I.
will endeavor to speak with boldness: for Lam assured that if
ye had known ie, ye would not have suffered that I should
have wore these bands. For [ am Ammon, and ama de-
scendant of Zarahemla, and have come up out of the land of
Zarahemla, (o inquire concerning our brethren, which Zeniff
brought up out of that land.

‘And now, it came to pass that after Limhi bad heard the
words of Ammon, he was exceeding glad, and said, Now, 1
know of a surety that my brethren which was in the land of
Zarahemla, are yet alive. And now, I will rejoice; and on the
morrow, I will ‘cause that my people shall rejoice also. For
behold, we are im bondage to the Lamanites, and are taxed
with a tax which is grievous to be borne. And now, behold,
our brethren will deliver us out of our bondage, or out of the
hands of the Lamanites, and we will be their slaves: for it is
better that we be slaves to the Nephites, than to pay tribute to
the king of the Lamanites.

And now, king Limhi commanded his guards that they’.
should no more bind Ammon, nor his brethren, but caus
they should go to the ‘hill which was north of Shilo
being their brethren into. the city, that-thercby they mi

  
 
 
