and drink, and rest themselves from the Jabors of ‘their jo.
acy; for they had suffered many things: they had sutferg
~ hunger, thirst, and fatigue.

And now, it came to pass on the morrow, that king Lim
‘sent a proclamation among all his people, that thereby they
aight gather themselves together to the temple, to hear the
words which he should speak unto them. And it came tp
pass that when they had gathered themselves together, tha
he spake unto them in this wise, saying, O ye, my people
dift up your heads and be comforted: for behold, the time js
‘at hend, or is not far distant, when we shall no longer be in
Subjection to our enemies, notwithstanding our many stmg.
glings, which have been in vain; yet I trust there remaineth
an cffectual struggle to be made. Therefore, lift up your
heads, and rejoice, and put your trust in God, in that God wh
was the God of Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob; and also,
that God who brought the Children of Israel out of the land
of igypt, and caused that they should walk through the Red
Sea on dry ground, and fed them with manna, that they might
not perish in the wilderness; and many more things did he do
forthem. And again: That same God hath brought our fathas
out of the land of Jerusalem, and hath kept and preserved his
people, even until now. And behold, it is because of our ini:
quities and abominations, that has brought us into bondage —
And ye all are witnesses this day, that Zeniff, who was mate
king over this people, he being over zealous to inherit the land
of his fathers, therefore being deceived by the cunning ant
craftiness of king Laman, who having entered into a treaty with
king Zeniff, and having yiclded up into his hands the posses:
sions of a part of the land, or even the city of Lehi-Nephi, ant
‘the city of Shilom, and the land round about; and all this lt
done, for the sole purpose of bringing this people into subjee
tion, or into bondage. And behold, we at this time do pay tr
bute to the king of the Lamanites, to the amount of one half of
our corn, and our barley, and even all our grain of every kin
and one ‘half of the increase of our focks, and our herds; ani
even one half of all we have or possess, the king of the Lamar
ites doth exact of us, or our lives, And now, is not this gece
ous to be borne? And is not this, our afflictions, great? Now
behold, how great reason have we to mourn. Yea, I say unto yoll
Sreat are the reasons which we haye to mourn: [or belli,

how many of our brethren have been « in, and their blond hath

_™ in vain, and all because of iniquity. For if this peopl

 

 
