had not fallen into transgression, the Lord would not have suf-
fered that this great evil should comd upon them. But
behold, they would not hearken unto his words; but there
arose contentions among them, even so much that they did
shed blood among themselves. And a Prophet of the Lord
have they slain; yea, a chosen man of God, who told them of
their wickedness and abominations, and prophesied of many
things which is to come, yea, even the coming of Christ. And
because he saith unto them, ‘That Christ was the God, the
Father of all things, and saith that he should take upon him
the image of man, and it should be the image after which man
was created in the beginning; or in other words, he said that
man was created after the image of God, and that God should
come down among the children of men, and take upon him
flesh and blood, and go forth upon the face of the earth; and
now, because he said this, they did put him to death; and ma-
ay more things did they do, which brought down the wrath of
God upon them, ‘Therefore, who wondereth that they are in
bondage, and that they are smitten with sore afflictions? For-
behold, the Lord hath said, I will not succor my people in the
day of their transgression; but I will hedge up their ways,
that they prosper not; and their doings shall be as a stumblingfy
block before them. And again: He saith, If my people shalt
sow filthiness, they shall reap the chaff thereof, in the whirl-
wind; and the effects thereof, is poison. And again: He saith,
If my people shall sow filthiness, they shall reap the east
wind, which bringeth immediate destruction. And now, be-
hold, the promise of the Lord is fulfilled; and ye are smitten,
and afificted. But if ye will turn to the Lord with full pur-
pose of heart, and put your trust in him, and serve him with
all diligence of mind; and if ye do this, he will, according to
his own will and pleasure, deliver you out of bondage.

And it came to pass that after king Limhi had made an end
of speaking to his people, for he spake many things unto
them, and only a few of them have I written in this book, he
told his people all the things concerning their brethren which
were inthe land of Zarahemla; and he caused that Ammon
should stand up before the multitude, and rehearse unto them
all that had happened unto their brethren, from the time that
Zenifl went up out of the land, even until the time that he,
himself came up out of the land. _ And he also rehearsed unto
then the last words which king Benjamin hed taught them,
‘md explained them te the people of king Limbj, so that they

ae
