might understand all the words which hespake. Anditcany
‘to pass that after he had done all this, that king Limhi dismis.
‘sed the multitude, and-caused that they should return, every
ene unto his own house,

And it came to pass that he caused that the plates whid
contained the record of his people, from the time that they
deft the land of Zarahemla, should be brought before Ammon
that he might read them. Now, as soon as Ammon had read
the record, the king inquired of him to know if he could jp.
terpret languages. And Ammon told him that he could not
And the king saith unto him, I being gricved for the afl.
tions of my people, J caused that forty end three of my Peo.
ple should take a journey into the wilderness, that thereby
they might find the land of Zarahemla; that we might appeal
unto our brethren to deliver us out of bondage; and they
wore lost in the wilderness, for the space of many days, yl
they were diligent, and found not the land of Zarahemla, bul
returned to this land, having travelled in a land among many
waters; having discovered a lend which was covered with
bones of men, and of beasts, &c., and was also covered wilh
ruins of buildings of every kind; having discovercd a land
which had been peopled with a people, which were as ‘num
rous as the hosts of Israel, And for a testimony that the
things that they have said ig true, they have brought tweniy-
four plates, which are filled with engravings; and they are of
pure gold. And behold, also, they have brought breastplate,
which are large; and they are of brass, ond of copper, and
are perfectly sound. And again: They have brought swonly
the hilts thereof hath perished, and the blades thereof wer
cankered with rust; and there is no one in the land that is
able to interpret the language or the engravings that are on tie
plates. Therefore, | said unto thee, Canst thou translate? And
I say unto thee again, Knowest thou of any one that can trans
late? for 1 am desirous that these records should be translated
into our language. For, perhaps they will give usa knowl
edge of a remnant of the people which have been destroyed
from whence these records came; or, perhaps they will give
us a knowledge of this very people which hath been destroy:
ed; and Tam desirous to know the cause of their destruction

Now Ammon saith unto bim, I can assuredly tell thee, 0
king, of a man’ that can translate the recordy: for he hath
wherewith that he can look, and translate all records that are
ef ancient date; and it is a gilt trom Ged. And the things at

  

 
