called interpreters ; and no man can look in them, except he
be commanded, lest he should look for that he had not ought,
and he should perish. And whosoever is commanded to look
in them, the same is called seer. And behold, the king of the
people which is in the land of Zarahemla, is the man that is
commanded to do these things, and which hath this high gift
from God. And the king saith, That a secr is greater than 2
prophet. And Ammon saith, That a seeris a revelator, and a
prophet also; and a gift which is greater, can no man have,
except he should possess the power of God, which no man can;
yeta man may have great power given him from God. But a
seer can know of things which has past, and also of things
which is to come; and by them shall ail things be revealed,
orrather, shall secret things be made manifest, and hidden
things shall come to light, and things which is not known, shall
be made known by them; and also, things shall be made known
by them, which otherwise could not be known. Thus God huth
provided a means that man, through faith, might work mighty
inivacles; therefore, he becometh a great benefit to bis fellow
beings.

And now, when Ammon had made an end of speaking these
words, the king rejoiced excecdingly, and gave thanks to God,
saying, Doubtless, a great mystery is contained within these .
plates; and these interpreters was doubtless prepared for the
purpose of unfolding all such mysteries to the children of
men. © how marvellous are the works of the Lord, and how ~
Jong doth he suffer with bis people; yea, and how blind and
impenetrable are the understandings of the children of men¢
for they will not seek wisdom, neither do they desire that she
should rule over them. Yea, they are as a wild flock, which ~
fleeth from the shepherd, and scattereth, and are driven, and
are devoured by the béasts of the forest,

CHAPTER YI,
THE RECORD OF ZENIFF.
An account of his people, from the time they left the land of
Zarakemla, until the time that they were delivered out of
the hands of the Lamanites.

Y, Zemrr, haying been taught in all the language of the
Nephites, and having had a knewledge of the land of Nephi,
