idolatrous people; therefore, they were desirous to bring us
into bondage, that they might glut theinselves with the labors
of our hands; yea, that they might feast themselves upon the
flocks of our fields.

Therefore, it came to pass that king Laman began to stir
up his people, that they should contend with my people;
therefore, there began to be wars and contentions in the land_
For, in the thirteenth year of my reign in the land of Nephj;
away on the south of the land of Shilom, when my people
were watering and feeding their flocks, and tiling their landy
a numerous host of Lamanites came upon them, and began to
slay them, and to take of their flocks, and the corn of their
fields, Yea, and it came to pass that they fled, all that were
not overtaken, even into the city of Nephi, and did call upor
ne for protection.

And it came to pass that I did arm them with bows, and
with arrows, with swords, and with cimeters, and with clubs
and with slings, and with all manner of weapons which we
could invent, and I and my people did go forth against the La~
mamites, to battle; yea, in the strength of the Lord did we go
‘orth to battle against the Lamanites: for land my people
did ery mightily to the Lord, that he would deliver us out. of
the hands of our enemies, for we were awakened to a re+
membrance of the deliverance of our fathers. And God did
hear our cries, and did answer our prayers; and we did go
forth in his might. Yea, we did go forth against the Lamanites ;
and in one day and a night, we did slay three thousand ané
forty-three ; we did slay them, even until we had driven them
cutof our land. And I, myself, with mine own hands, did
help to bury their dead. And behold, to our great sorrow and
lamentation, two hundred and seventy-nine of our brethren
Were slain, 7

And it came to pass that we again began to establish the
kingdom ; and we again began to possess the land in peace.
And I caused that there should be weapons of war made, of
every kind, that thereby I might haye weapons for my people,
against the time the Lamanites should come up aguin to war
against my people. And I set guards round about the land,
that the Lamanites might not come upon us again unawares,
and destroy us; and thus I did guard my. people, and my
flocks, and keep them from falling into the hands of our ene-.
mies,

And it came to pass that we did inherit the land of our fa~

4
