‘For behold, he did not keep the commandments of God, by
he did walk alter the dexires of his own heart. And he hag
aiany wives and concubines. And he did cause his peopleto
commit sin, and do that which was abominable in the sight of
the Lord. Yea, and they did commit whoredonis, and all man,
ner of wickedness. And he laid a tax of one fitth part of all
sthey possessed; a filth part of theiy gold and of their silver,
and a fifth part of their ziff, and of their copper, and of their
‘brass and their iron; and a fifth part of their tatlings; and a
so, a filth part of all their grain, And al} this did he take,
support himself, and his wives, and his concubines, and also,
his priests, and their wives, and their concubines; thus he had
ehaiged the affairs of the kingdom. For he put down all the
priests that had been consecrated by his father, and conser
ted new ones in their stead, such as were lifted up in the pride
of their hearts. Yea, and thus were they supported in ther
laziness, and in their idolatry, and in their whoredoms, by the
faxes which king Noah had put upon his people; thus did the
people labor exceedingly, to support iniquity. Yea, and thy
also became idolatrous, because they were deceived by the |
‘vain and flattering words of the king and priests; for they dil
speak flattering things unto them.

‘And it came to pass that king Noah built many elegant an
spacious buildings ; and he ornamented them with fine work
of wood, and of al! manner of precious things, of gold, and of
silyer, and of iron, and of brass, and of ziff, and of copper;
and he also built him a spacious, palace, and a throne in tle
“ynidst thereof, all of which was of fine wood, and was orm
mented with gold, and silver, and with precious things. Ant
he also caused that bis workmen should work all manner df
fine work within the wells of the temple, of fine wood, and o
copper, and of brass ; and the seats which was set apart for
the high priests, which was above all the other seats, be dit
ornament with pure gold; and he caused a breastwork to be
built before them, that they might rest their bodies and thew
arms upon, while they should speak lying’ and vain words 0
his people.

And it came to pass that he built 9 tower near the temple;
yea, a very high tower, even so high that he could stand upon
the top thereof and overlook the land of Shilom, and also the
land of Shemlon, which was possessed by the Lamanites; and
che could even look over all the land round about. q

And it came to pass that he caused many buildings to be

 
