pent, and turn unto the Lord their God, they shall he broughtin.
to hondage ; and none shall deliver them, exceptit be the Lord
the Almighty God. ¥ca, and it shall come to pass that when
they shall ery unto me, I will be slow to hear their cries ; yea,
and I will suiler them that they be smitten by their enemies,
And except they repent in sackcloth and ashes, and ery migh-
tily to the Lord their God, J will not hear their prayers, ‘nej-
ther will I deliver them out of their afflictions ; and thus saith
the Lord, and thus hath he commanded me.

Now it came to pass that when Abinadi had spoken these
words unto them, they were wroth with him, and sought to
take away his life; but the Lord delivered him out of their
hands. Now when king Noah had heard of the words which
Abinadi had spake unto the people, be was also wroth; and
he saith, Who is Abinadi, that I and my people should be
judged of hin? or who is the Lord, that shall bring upon my

eople such great affliction ? Tcommand you to bring Abinadi
hither, that I may slay bim: for he hath said these things, thet
he might stir up my people to anger, one with another, and t»
raise contentions among my people; therefore, [ will slay him
Now the eyes of the people were blinded; therefore, they
hardened their hearts against the words of Abinadi, and they
sought from that time forward to take him. And king Nowk
hardened bis heart against the word of the Lord; and he did
not repent of Iris evil doings. \

‘And it came to pass that after the space of two years, thet
Abinadi came among them in disguise, that they knew him ne,
and began again to prophesy among them, saying, Thus helh
the Lord commanded me, saying: Abinadi, go and prophey
unto this my people, for they have hardened their hearts
against my words; they have repented not of their evil doings;
therefore, I will visit them in my anger, yea, in my fierce a
ger will I visit them in their iniquities and abominations; ye
wo be unto this generation, And the Lord said unto me,
Stretch forth thy hand, ‘and propliesying, saying, Thus saith
the Lord: if shall come to pass that this generation, hecall®
of their iniquities, shall be brought into bondage, and shall he
smitten on the vheek; yea, and shall be driven by men, and
shall be slain; and the vultures i the air, and the dogs, yea
and the wild beasts, shall devour their flesh.

And it shall comie to pass that the life of king Noah shal
be yalued even asa garment ina hot furnace; for he shill
kwow that Jam the Lord. And it shall come to pass that J

 
