will smite this my people, with sore afllictions ; yea, with fam-
jne and with pestilence ; and TF will cause that they shall howl
all the day tong. Yea, and I will cause that they shall have
purdens lashed upon their backs; and ihey shall be driven
before, Hike a dumb ass.

Audit shall come to pass that J will send forth hail among
them, and it shall smite them; and they shall also be smitten
with the east wind; and insects shall pester their land also,
and devour thejr grain. And they shall be smitten with @
great pestilence ; and all this will J do, because of their ini-
quities and abominations.

And it shall come to pass that except they repent, 1 will
utterly destroy them. from off the face of the earth; yet they
shall leave a record behind them, and I will preserve them for
other nations which shall possess the land ; yea, even this will
I do, that I may discover the abominations of this people to
other nations. And many things did Abinadi prophesy against
this people.

And it came to pass that they were angry with him; and
they took him and carried him bound before the king, and saith
unto the king, Behold, we lave brought a man before thee
which has prophesied evil concerning thy people, and saith
that God will destroy them; and he also prophesieth evil con-
cerning thy life, and saith that thy life shall be as a garment
in a furnace of fire, And again: Ile saith that thou shalt be
asa stalk, even as a dry stalk of the field, which is ran over
by the beasts and trodden under foot. And again: Te saith
thou shalt be as the blossoms of a thistle, which when it is
fully ripe, if the wind bloweth, itis driven forth upon the face
of-the land; and he pretendeth the Lord hath spoken it. And
he saith all this shall come upon thee, except thou repent ;
and this because of thine iniquitics. {

And now, O king, what great evil hast thou done, or what
great sins has thy people committed, that we should be con-
demned of God, or judged of this man? And now, O king,
behold, we are guiltless, and thou, O king, hast not sinned ;
therefore, this man hast lied concerning you, and he hath
prophesied in vain, And behold, we are strong, we shall not
come into bondage, or be taken captive by our enemies ; yea,
and thou hast prospered in the land, and thou shalt also pros-
per. Behold, here is the man, we deliver him into thy hands ;
ihou mayest do'with him as seemeth thee good. =

And it came to pass that king Noah caused that Abinadi
