should be east into prison; and he commanded that the presi
should gather themselves together, that he might hold a coun-
cil with them what he should do with him. And it came to
pass that they saith unto the king, Bring him hither, that we
may question him. And the kine commanded that he should

- be brought before them. And they began to question him,
that they might cross him, that thereby they might have where-
with to acvuse him; but he answered them boldly, and with.
stood all their questions, yea, to their astonishnient: for he
did withstand’ them in all ‘their questions, and did confoun¢
them in all their words.

And it came to pass that one of them saith unto bim,-What
meancth the words which are written, and which have been
taught by our fathers, saying: How beautiful upon the moun.
tains are the feet of Him that bringeth good tidings ; that pab-

‘lisheth peace; that bringeth good tidings of good; that pub.
lisheth salvation; that sayeth unto Zion, Thy God reigneth;
thy watthmen shall lift up the voice with the voice ; together
shail they sing, for they shall see eye to eye, when the Lord
shall bring again Zion. Break forth into Joy + sing together ve
waste places of Jerusalem: for the Lord hath comforted his
people; he hath redeemed Jerusalem. The Lord hath made
bare bis holy arm in the eyes-of all the nations; and all the
‘ends of the earth shall see the salvation of our God. And
now Abinadi saith unto them, Are you priests, and pretend
to teach this people, and to understand the spirit of prophesy-
ing, and yet desireth to know of me what these things mean?
Tsay unto, Wo be unto you for perverting the ways of the
Tord. For if.ye understand these things, ye have not taught
them ; therefore, ye have perverted the ways of the Lord—
Ye have not apphed your hearts to understanding ; therefore,
ye have not been wise. Therefore, what teachest thou this
people? And they said, We teach the law of Moses. And
again: He saith unto them, If ye teach the law of Moses, why
do ye not keep it? Why do ye set your hearts upon riches?
Why do ye commit whoredoms, and.spend your strength with
harlots, yea, and cause this people to commit sin, that the
Lord hath cause to send me to prophesy against this people,
yea, Cven a great evil against this people? Knowest thou not
that Tspeak the truth? Yea, thou knowest that I speak the
truth; and you ha ought fo tremble before God.

And it shall come to puss that ve shall be smitten for thine
miquities: for ye have suid that ye teach the law of Moses.
