children of men; standing betwixt them and justice; having
broken the bands of death, taken upon bimeelf their imiquity
and their transgressions ; having redeemed them, and satisfied
the demands of justice. And now J say unto you, Who shalt
declare his generation? Behold, 1 say unto you, that wher
his soul has been made an offering for sin, he shall see his
seed, And now what say ye? And who shall be his seed?
Behold I say unto you, that whosoever hath heard the words
of the prophets, yea, all the Holy Prophets which have proph+
ied concerning the coming of the Lord; I say unto, that all
those who hath hearkened unto their words, and believed that
the Lord would redeem his people, and have looked forward
tothat day for a remission of their sins ; | say unto you, that
these are his seed, or they are heirs of the Kingdom of God:
for these are they whose sins he hath borne; these are they
for whom he hath died, to redeem them from their transyres-
sions, And now, are they not his seed? Yea, and are not the
prophets, every one that has opened his mouth to prophesy,
that bas not fallen into transgression; I mean all the Holy
Prophets ever since the world began; I say unto you that they)
ae his seed; and these are they which hath published peave,
that hath brought good tidings of good, that hath published
salvation; that saith unio Zion, Thy God reigneth! And
how beautiful apon the mountains were their f And again:
Tow heaatiful upon the mountains are the feet of those that
we still publishing peace! And again: How beautiful upon
the mountains are the feet of those who shall hereafter publish
es yea, from this time henceforth and forever! And be-
old, f say unto you, this isnot all; Por O how beautiful up-
| © the mountains are the feet of Lim that bringeth good tidins,
thit is the founder of peace; yea, even the Lord, who hath
teleemed hix people ; yea, him who hath granted salvation
untohis people: for were it not for the redemption which he
hath made for his people, which was prepared from the
foantation of the world; I say unto you, were it not for this,
that all mankind must have perished:’ But beholl, the bends
ofdeath shall be broken, and the Son reieneth, and hath power
wer the dead ; therefore, he bringeth to pass the resurrection
of the dead. And there cometh a resurrection, even a {inst
. Tesurrection; yea, even a resurrection of those that have been,
al which are, and which shall be, even until the rssurretion
Christ: for so shall he be called. And now, the + "C4
fon of all the prophets, and all those that have believed in

 

   

 

 

 

 
