their words, or al} those that have kept the commandments,’
God, these shall come forth in the first resurrection ; thoy.
fore, they are the first resurrection. They are raised to dye
with God, who hath redeemed them: thus they have eten
life through Christ, who hath broken the hands of death, 4y
there are those who have part in the first resurrection; ay
these are they that have died before Christ came, in their;
norance, not having salvation declared unto them. And th,
the Lord bringeth about the restoration of these; and the
have a part in the first resurrection, or hath etcrnal life, hex
redeemed by the Lord. And litle children also, hath tem
life, But behold, and fear, and tremble before God ; fory,
had ought to tremble: for the Lord yedeemeth none sneb ify
rebelleth against him, and dieth in their sins; yea, even
those that have perished in their sins ever since the world hy
gan, that have wilfully rebelled against God, that have kno
the commandments of God, and would not keep them; the
are they that have no part in the first resurrection. Thee!
fore, had ye not ought to tremble ? For salvation cometh}:
none such; for the Lord hath redeemed none such; yea, ie
ther can the Lord redeem such: for he cannot deny hims!
for he cannot deny justice when it hath its claim.

And now I say unto you, that the time shall come thath
salvation of the Lord shall be declared to every nation, kinds,
tongue, and people. Yea, Lord, thy watchmen shall lilly
their voice; with the voice together shall they sing: for thr
shall see eye to eye, when the Lord shall bring again Zi
Break forth into joy, sing together, ye waste places of Jum
Jem: for the Lord hath comforted his people, he hath rele:
ed Jerusalem, The Lord hath made bare his holy arm int}
eyes of all the nations: and all the ends of the earth shale
‘the salyation of our God.

And now it came to pass that after Abinadi had spoken the
words, he stretched forth bis hand and said, The time ¢
come when all shall see the salvation of the Lord; wh
every nation, kindred, tongue and people, shall see eye for
and shall confess before God that his judgments are just;
then shall the wicked be cast out, and they shall have cause
howl, and weep, and wail, and gnach their teeth ; and this}
cause they would not hearken unto the voice of the Lom
therefore the Lord redeemeth them not, for they are
aud deylish, and the devil hath power over them; yea, @
that old serpent that did beguile our first parents, which

 

     
    
  
  
