scourged his skin with faggots, yea, even unto death, And
pow when the flames began to svorch him, he cried unto them
saying: Behold, even us ye have doue unto me, so shail it
come to pass that thy seed shall cause that many shall suiler
the pains that J do suffer, even the pains of death, by fre;
and this because they believe in the salvation of thé Lord
their God. And it will come to pass that ye shall be afilicted
with all manner of diseases, because of your iniquities. Yea,
and ye shall be smitten on every hand, and shall be driven and
scattered to and fro, even as a wild flock is driven by wild and
ferocious beasts. And in thal day ye shall be hunted, and ye
shall be taken by the hand of your enemies, and then ye shall
silfer, as I suffer, the pains of death, by fire. Tdjus God ex-
ecuteth vengeance upon those that destroy his people. O
God, receive my soul. And now when Abinadi had said these
words, he fell, having suffered death by fire; yea, having been
put to death because he would not deny the commandments
of God; having sealed the truth of his words by his death.

And now it came to pass that Alma, who had fled from the
servants of king Noah, repented of his sins and iniquities, and
went about privately among the people, and began to teach
the words of Abinadi; yea, concerning that which was to
come, and also concerning the resurrection of the dead, and
the redemption of the people, which was to be brought to
pass through the power, and sufferings, and death of Christ,
and his resurrection and ascension into [Icaven, And as ma-
ayas would hear his word he did teach, And he taught them
Bivately, that it might not come to the knowledge of the king,
Andmany did believe his words, And it came to pass. that
asmany as did believe him, did go forth to a place which was
called Mormon, having received its name from the king, being
inthe borders of the land having been infested, by times, or,
at seasons, by wild beasts, Now there was in Mormon a
fountain of pure water, and Alma resorted thither, there being
tar the water a thicket of small trees, where he did hide
biaself in the day-time, from the searches of the king. And.
Lcame to pass that as many as believed him, went thither to
learhis words. And it came to pass after many days, there.
Were a goodly number gathered together to the place of Mor-
hon, to hear the words of Alma. Yea, all were gathered to-
gether that believed on his word, to hear him. And he did:
‘cach them, and did preach unto them repentance, and re-
demption, and faith on the Lord.
