deemer; yea, and how blessed are they, for they shall sing ty
his praise forever. And these things were done in the bordigs
of the land, that they might not come to the knowledge of the
ding. But behold, it came to pass that the king, having dis
covered a movement among the people, sent his servants tg
watch them. Therefore on the day that they were assem.
pling themselves together to hear the word of the Lord, they
were discovered unto the king. And now the king saith that
Alma’ wag stirring up the people to a rebellion against him;
therefore he sent his army to destroy them. And it came
pass that Alma, and the people of the Jord were apprised of
the coming of the king’s army; therefore they took their tents
and their families, and departed into the wilderness, And
they were in number about four hundred and filty souls,

And it came to pass that the army of the king returned, lar
ing seurched in vain for the people of the Lord. And now be
held, the forces of the king were small, having been reduced,
and there began to be a division among the remainder of the
people. And the lesser part began to breathe out threatnings
against the king, and there began to be a great contenton
among them. Aud now there was a man among them whos
name was Gideon, and he being a strong man, and an enemy
to the king, therefore he drew his sword ind swore in hig
wrath, that he would slay the king. And it came to pass tha
he fought with the king; end when the king saw that he was
about to overpower bim, he fled and ran and got upon the
tower, which was near the temple, And Gideon pursued afte
dhim and was about to get upon the tower to slay the king, and
the king cast his eyes round about towards fhe land of Shem
lon, and behold, the army of the Lamynites: were within the
orders of the land. And now the king cried out in the om
guish of his soul, saying, Gideon, spare me, Tor the Lamanites
are upon us, and they will destroy them; yea, they will de
stroy my people. And now the king was not so much com
cerned about his people, a8 he was about bis own life; never
theless, Gideon did spare his life. And ihe king conumanded
the people that they should flee before the Lamanites, and he
himself did go before them, and they did flee into the wilder
ness with (heir women and their children. And it came to
pass that the Lamanites did pursue them, and did overtake
them, and began to slay them.

Now it came to pass that the king commanded them that
li the men should leave their wives and their children, and

 
