 

‘ce before the Lamanites. Now there were many that would
not leave them, but had rather stay and perish with them.
And the rest left their wives and their children and fled.

And it came io pass that those that tarricd with their wives
and their children, caused that their fair daughters should stand
forth and plead with the Lamanites, that they would not slay
them. And it came to pass that the Lamaniies had compas
sion.on them, for they were charmed with the beanty of their
women; therefore the Lamanites did spare their lives, &nd took
them captives, and carried them back to the land of Nephi,
and granted unto thei that they might possess the I: nd, under
ihe conditions that they would deliver up the king Noah into
the hands of the Lamunites, and deliver up their property, even
one half of all they possessed ; one half of their gold, and their
silver, and all their precious things; and thus they should pay
tubute to the king of the Lamanites, from year to year. And
now there was one of the sons of the king among those ihat
wos t:ken captive, whose name was Limhi. And now Limhi
wes desirous that his father should not be destroyed; never-
theless, Limhi was not ignorant of the iniquities of his futher,
behimseli, being a just man.

And it caine to pass that Gideon sent men into the wilder-
tess seercily, to search for the king, end those that was with
him. And if came to pass that they met the people in the wilder-
ess all save the king and his priests. Now they had sworn
intheir hearts that they would return to the land of Nephi, and
iltheir wives and their children were slain, and also those that
lad tamied with them, that they would seek revenge, and also
Peish with them. And the king commanded them that they
thould uot return; and they were angry with the king, end
‘aed that he should suffer, even unto death hy fire. And
they were about to take the priests also und put them to death,
tl they fled before them.

And it came to pass that they were about to return to the
lind of Nephi, and they met the men of Gideon. And the
hen of Gideon told them of all that had happened to their
Mes end their children; and that the Lamanites had granted
unto them that they inight possess the land, by paying a tris
hiteto the Lananites of one half of all they possessed. And
the people told the men of G-deon that they had slain the king,
ad his priests had fled from them farther into the wilderness,

i itcame to pass that after they had ended the ceremony,

ut they returned to the lund o! Nephi, rejoicing, because their

 

 
