wives and their children were not slain; and they told Gidegy
what they had done to the king.

And it came to pass that the king of the Lamanites mat
an oath wnto them, that his people should not slay them. Api
also Limhi, being the son of the king, having the kingdom cop.
ferred upon him by the people, made orth unto the king of th
Lamanites, that his people should pay tribute unto him, eva
ene half of all they possessed.

And it came to pass that Limhi began to establish the king.
dom, and to establish peace among his people. _ And the kig
of the Lamanites set guards round about the land, that he mig;
keep the people of Limhi in the land, that they might not de
part into the wilderness; and he did support his guards oatd!
the tribute which he did receive from the Nephites. Andnoy
king Limhi did have continual peace in his kingdom, for th
“the space of two years, that the Lamanites did not molest they
nor seek to destroy them.

Now there was a place in Shemlon, where the daugbters¢|
the Lamanites did gather themselves together for to sing, ai
to dance, and to make themselves merry. And it came to pus
that there was one day a small number of them gathered &
gether to sing and to dance. And now the priests of bir
Noah, being ashamed to return to the city of Nephi, yea, #
also fearing that the people would slay them, therefore te
durst not return to their wives and their children. And he
ing tarried in the wilderness, and having discovered the dau:
ters of the Lamanites, they laid and watched them; and we
there were but few of them gathered together to dance, lle
came forth out of their secret places, and took them and cami
them into the wilderness; yea, twenty and four of the dawg
ters of the Lamanites they carried into the wilderness,

And it came to pass that when the Lamanites found tht
their daughters had been missing, they were angry with
people of Limi; for they thought it was the people of Lim
Therefore they sent their armies forth ; yea, even the king hit
scif went before his people; and they went up to the lend
Nephi, to destroy the people of Limhi. And now Limhi!
discovered them from the tower; even all their preparal
for war did he discover; therefore he gathered his peoplett
gether, and laid wait for them in the fields, and in the fore*

And it came to pass that when the Lamanites had comei
that the people of Limhi began to fall upon them from #
‘waiting places, and began to slay them.

 
