 

son and the daughter mourning for their father; and the
brothers for their brethren. Now there were a great man
widows in the land; and they did cry mightily from day to day,
for a great fear of the Lamanites had come upon them. And
it came to pass that their continual cries did stir up the re-
mainder of the people of Limhi to anger, against the Laman-
ites. And they went again to batile; but they were driven
back again, suffering much toss, Yea, they went again, even
the third time, and suifered in the like manner; and those that
were not slain, returned again to the city of Nephi. And they
did humble themselves even to the dust, subjecting themsclyes
to the yoke of bondage, submitting themselves to be smitten,
and to he driven to and fro, and burdened, according to the
desires of their enemies. And they did humble themselves
even in the depths of humility; and they did ery mightily to
God; yea, even all the day long did they cry unio their God,
that he would deliver them out of their afflictions. And now
the Lord was slow to hear their cry, because of their iniqui-
hes; nevertheless the Lord did hear their eries, and began to
wollen the hearts of the Lamanites, that they began to ease
their burdens : yet the Lord did not see fit to deliver them out
of bondage.

And it came to pass that they began to prosper by degrees
inthe land, and began to raise grain more abundantly, and
flocks, and herds, that they did not suffer with hunger, Now
there was a great number of women more than there was of
hen; therefore king Limhi commanded that every man should
impart to the support of the widows and their children, that
they might not perish with hunger: and this they did, because
ofthe greatness of their number that had been slain. Now
the people of Limhi kept together in a body as much as it was
Possible, and sccure their grain, and their flocks; and the king
himself did not trust his person withoui the walls of the city,
unless he took his guards with him, fearing that he might by
Some means fall into the hands of the Lamanites. And he
taused that his people should watch the land round about,
‘hat by some means they might take those priests that fled in:
‘othe wilderness, which had stolen the daughters of the La-
Tames, and that had caused such a great destruction to come
ipon them; for they were desirous to take them, that they
might punish them: for they had come into the land of Nepha
Y night, and carried off of their grain, and many of their pre-
Sous things; therefore they laid wait for them. i

¢

 
