 

ing this thing, considering himself an unworthy servant; there-
fore they did not at thai time form themselves into a church,
waiting upon the spirit of the Lord. Now they were desirous
to become even as Alma and his brethren, which had fied into
the wilderness. ‘hey were desirous to he baptized, as a wit-
ness anda testimony that they were willing to serve God with
all ther hearts; nevertheless they did prolong the time: and
an account of their baptism shall be given hereafter, And
now all the study of Ammon and his people, and king Limhi
and his people, was to deliver themselves out of the hands of
+ fhe Lamanites, and from bondage.

Ee
CHAPTER X.

Axp now it came to pass that Ammon and king Limhi begaw
foconsult with the people how they should deliver themselves
oat of bondage; and even they did cause that all the people
should gather themselves together: and this they did that they
wight have the voice of the people concerning the matter. And
itcame to pass that they could: find no way to deliver them-
sclves out of bondage, except it were to take their women and
children, and their flocks, and their herds, and their tents, and
depart into the wilderness; for the Lamanites being so nume+
tous that it was impossible for the people of Limbhi to contend
with them, thinking to deliver themselves out of bondage by
the sword. ‘ a. %

Now it came to pass that Gideon went forth and stood be-
fore the king, and said unto him, Now © king, thou hast hith-
ero hearkened unto my words many times when we have been
contending with our brethren, the Lamanites. And now O
king, if thou hast not found me to be an unprofitable servant,
orif thou hast hitherto listened to my words in any degree,
and they have been of service to thee, even so I desire that
thou wouldst listen to my words at this time, and I will be thy
servant, and deliver this people out of bondage. And the king
sranted unto him that he might speak. And Gideon saith un-
tohim, Behold the back pass through the back wall, on the.
back side of the city. The Lamanites, or the guards of the

samanites, by night, are drunken ; therefore Jet us send a proc-
lamation among all this people, that they gather together their -

ocks and herds, that they may-drive them into the wilderness a
