per exceedingly in the land; and they called the land Helay.
And it came to pass that they did multiply and prosper exceed.
ingly in ihe land of Helam; and they built a city, whieh they
called Helam. Nevertheless the Lord sceth fit to chasten his
people; yea, he trieth their patience and their faith, Never
theless, whosoever puteth his trust in him, the same shell he
lifted up at the lasiday. Yea, and thus it was with this people,
For beheld, I will shew unto you that they were brought intp
bondage, and none could deliver them but the Lord their Gad;
yea, even the God of Abrahom, and of Isaac, andofJacob.  Andit
came to pass that he did deliver them, and he did shew forth
his mighty power unto them, and great was their rejoicing
For behoid, it eame to pass that while they were in the land of
Helam, yea, in the city of Helam, while tilling the land round
about, behold an army of the Lamanites were in the bordersgj |
the land. Now it came to pass that the brethren of Alma fled
from their fields, and gathered themselves together into the cily
of Helam; and they were much frightened because of the appear
ance of the Lamanites. But Alma went forth and stood among
them, and exhorted them that they should not’ be frightened
but that they should remember the Lord their God, and le
would deliver them; therefore they hushed their fears, and be
gan to cry unto the Lord, that he would soften the hearts of the
Lamanites, that they would spare them, and their wives, an)
their children. And it came to pass that the Lord did soften
the hearts of the Lamanites. And Alma and his brethren weal
forth and delivered themselves up into their hands ; and the Le
ainanites took possession of the land of Helam. Now the ar)
iies of the Lamanites which had followed after the people @
ling Limhi, had been lost in the wilderness for many days.
And behold, they had found those priests of king Noah, ina
place which they called Amulon; and they had began to pos
sess the land of Amulon,-and had began to till the ground
Now the name of the leader of those priests was Amulon. Ani
it came to pass that Amulon did plead with the Lamanites; and
he also sent forth their wives, which was the daughters of the
Lamanites, to plead with their brethren, that they should aol
destroy their husbands. And it came to pass that the Lamuatr
ites had compassion on Amulon and his brethren, and did no!
destroy them, because of their wives. And Amulon and bis
brethren did join the Lamanites, and they were travelling in tit
wilderness in search of the land of Nephi, when they diseovertd
the land of Helam, which was possessed by Alma and his brell

 

 
