for Amulon knew Alma, that he had been one of the King's
priests, and that it was he that believed the words of Abin,
and was driven out before the king; and_ therefore he wa
wroth with him, for he was subject to king Laman; yet he ex,
ercised authority over them, and put tasks upon them, and put
task-masters over them. And it came to pass that so great wg
their efllictions, that they begun to cry mightily to God. And
it came to pass that Amulon commanded them that they should
stop their cries; and he put guatds over them to watch then
that whoseever should be found calling upon God, should he put
to death. And it came to pass that Alma and his people did
not raise their voices to the Lord their God, but did pour out
their hearts to him; and he did know the thoughts of they
hearts,

And it came (o pass that the voice of the Lord came to then
in their afflictions, saying, Litt up your heads and be of good
comtort, for I know of the covenant which ye have made unio
me; and I will covenant with my people, and deliver them oy
of bondage. And I will also ease the burdens which is put up
on your shoulders, that even you cannot fecl them upou your
backs, even while you are in bondage; and this will I do, tht
ye may stand as witnesses for me hereafter, and that ye muy
know of a surety that I, the Lord God, do visit my pcople it
their afflictions. And now it came to pass that the burdens
which was laid upon Alma and his brethren, were made light;
yea, the Lord did strengthen them that they could bear up their
hardens with ease, and they did submit cheerfully and with pe
tience to all the will of the Lord.

And it came to pass that.so great was their faith and their pa
fience, that the voice of the Lord came unto them again, saying,
Be of good comfort, for on the morrow | will deliver thee out ot
“hendage. And he saith unto Alma, Thou shalt go before {his 7

people, gind 1 will go with thee, and deliver this people out of |
hondage.

Now it came to pass that Alma and his people, in the night
tune, gathered their flocks together, and also of their grain; yea
even all the night time were they gathering their flocks together.
And in the morning the Lord caused a deep sleep to come upon
the Lamanites, yea, and all their task-masters were in a pre
found sleep. And it-came to pass that Alma and his people
depurted into the wilderness ; and when they hed tr-yTled all
day, they pitched their tents in a velley, and they called the velley
Alma, because he led their way in the wilderness; yca, and in”

 
