there was nothing preached in all the Ghurches except it

were repeulance
Churches in the

and faith in God. And now there was seven
land of Zarahemla. And it came to pass that

whosoever Was desirous to take upon them the name of Christ,
or of God, they did join the churches of God ; and they were
called the people of God. And the Lord did pour out his

spirit upon them
jand.
Now it came t

» and they were blest, and prospered in the

‘© pass that there was many of the rising ge-

aeration that could not understand the words of king Benja-
min, being hittle children at the time he spake unto his people;

and they did not
did not believe y
tion of the dead ;

believe the tradition of their fathers. They
vhat had been: said concerning the resurrec-
neither did they believe concerning the com-

ng of Chrixt. And now because of their unbelief, they could
wotunderstand the word of God; and their hearts were har
dened, And they would net be baptized; neither would they

join the church,

And they were a separate people as to their

faith, and remained so ever after, even in their carnal and sin-

fill state: for the

y would not call upon the Lord their God.—

4nd now in the reign of Mosiah, they were not half so nume-

tous as the peoy

ple of God; hut because of the dissentions

tong the brethren, they beeame more numerous, For it
fame to pass that they did deceive many with their flattering
words, which were in the church, and did cause them to com-
hit many sins; therefore it became expedient that those who

‘onmitted sin. th
by the church,
Andit came to

at was in the church, should be admonished
i

pass that they were brought before the priests,

ad delivered up unto the priests by, the teachers; and the

Mests brought them before Alma, which was the high priest, _

‘bw king Mosialy had given Alma the authority over the

church “And, it

‘ming them, for there were many witnesses against them; |

came to pass that Alma did not know eon-

‘a, the people stood and testified of their iniquity in abun-
fae. Now there had not any such thing happened hetore,
athe church; therefore Alma was troubled in his spirit, and

taused that they should be brought before the king. And

saith unto the

king, Behold, here are many which we have

usht before thee, which are accused of their brethreh 3 yea,

aid they have be:
Sot repent of thei
| ore thee;. tha

 

en taken in divers imiquitics. And they da,
r iniquitics ; therefore we have brought them
t thou may judge thera according to their
