  
 
    
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
 
  

crimes. But king Mosiah saith unto Alma, Beholdy 1 jute
them nots thevedore | deliver them into thy hands to be judges,
And now the spirit of Alma was again troubled ; and he wey
and inquired’ of the Lord what he should do concerning thir
matier, for he feared that he should do wrong ii the sight
God. ‘

‘Aud it came to pass that after he had poured ont his whi
soul to God, the voice of the Lord came to him, saying
Blessed art thou, Alma; and blessed are they which wep
baptized in the waters of Mormon. ‘Thou art blessed became
of thy exeeeding faith in the words alone of iny servant Al,
padi. And blessed are they, because of their exceeding fall
in the words alone which thou hast spoken unto them. AW
blessed art thou because thou hast established a church amy
this people; and they shall be established, and they shall
my people. Yea, blessed ‘is this people, which is willing »
bear my name: for in my name shall they be called; andthe
are mime. And because thou hast inquired of me concemig
the transgressor, thou art blessed. ‘Thou art my servani
and Lcovenant with thee, that thou shalt have eternal lifes ai
thou shalt serve me, and go forth in my name, and shall gathe
together my sheep. And he that will hear iny voice, shallk
my sheep; and him shall ye receive into the church ; and Tie
will Lalso receive. Yor behold, this is my church 5 whee
ever that is baptized, shall be baptized unto repentance. At
whosocver ye receive, shall believe in my name; and bimwl
I freely forgive: forit is | that taketh upon me the sins of the
world; for it is T that hath created them ; and itis T that grant
eth unto him that lelieveth in the end, a place at my ti
band. For behold, in my nae are they called; and if the
know ime, they shall come forth, and shall have a place elt
nally at my right hand. And it shall come to pass that whet
the second tramp shall sound, then shall they that never kines
me come forth, and shail stand before me; and then shal
they know that Tam the Lord their God, that 1 aun their Re
dscmer; but they would not be redeemed. And then willl
coufess unto them, that | never knew then ; and they shall &
part into everlastirig fire, prepared for the Devil and bis &
gels. Therefore 1 say unto you, That he that will not ber
may voice, the same shall ye not receive into my chureh,
him Il will not receive at the last day; therefore } say wl
you, Go; and whosoever. transyresseth against me, him #h
ye judge according to the sins which he hath committed 5 a

  

    

 

 
