Whe confess his sins before thee and me, and repenteth in the
sincerity of his heart, him shall ye forgive, and I will forgive
him also; yea, and as often as my people repent, will | for~
give them their trespasses against me. And ye shall also for-
give one another your trespasses : for verily T say unto. you,
» He that forgiveth not his neighbor's trespasses, when he saith
that he repenteth, the same hath brought himsclf under con-
demnation. Now J say unto you, Go; and whosoever will
not repent of his sins, the same shall not be numbered among
my people; and this shall be observed from this time forward.

And it came to pass when Alma had heard these words, hé
wrote them down, that he might have them, and that he might
judge the people of that church, according to the command
ments of God,

And it came to pass that Alma went and judged those that
had been taken in iniquity, according to the word of the.Lord,
And whosoever repented of theiv sins and did confess them,
them he did number among the people of the church; and
them that would not confess their sins and repent of their ini-
quity, the same were not numbered among the people of the
chureh, and their names were blotted out. And it came to
pass that Alma did regulate all the affairs of the church; and
they began again to have peace, and to prosper exceedingly in
ihe affairs of the church ; walking circumspectly before God ;
tecelving many, and baptizing many. And now all these things
did Alma and his fellow-laborers do, which were over the
church; walking in all diligence ; teaching the word of God
inal things; suffering all manner of afflictions; being perse-
cuted by all those who did nat belong to the church of God.
And they did admonish their brethren; and they were also ad-
monished, every one, by the word of God, according to his sins,
or to the sins which he had committed ; bemg commanded ol”
God to pray without ceasing, and to give thanks in all things.
And now it came to pass that the persecutions which was in-
tcted on the chureh by the unbelievers, became so great, that
the church began to murmur, and complain to their leaders
toncerning the matter; and they did complain to Alma. And
Almalaid the case before their King, Mosiah. And Mosiah
Consulted with his priests,

And it came to pass that king Mosiah set a proclamation
thronghout the Jand round about, that there should not.any
believer persecute any of those which belonged to the church
af God; and there was a strict command throughout all the

 
