concerning thee, that thou mightest be brought to the knowl-
edge of the truth; therefore for this urpose have I come to
ronvince thee of the power and authority of God, that the
prayers of bis servants might be answered according to their
faith. And now behold, can ye dispute the power of God?
Forbehold, doth not my voice shake the earth? And can ye
not also behold me before you? And Tamsent from God.
Now I say unto thee, Go, and remember the captivity of thy
fathers in the Jand of Helam, and in the land of Nephi; and
remember how great things he hath done for them: for they
were in bondage, and he hath delivered them. And now I say
unto thee, Alma, Go thy way, and seek to destroy the church
no more, that their prayers may be answered, and this even if
thou wilt of thyself be cast off.

And now it came to pass that these were the last words
which the angel spake unto Alma, and he departed. And now
Alma, and those that were with him, fell again to the earth,
for great was their astonishment : for with their own eycs they
had beheld an angel of the Lord; and his voice was as thun-
der, which shook the carth; and they knew that there was
nothing save the power of God, that could shake the earth
and cause it to tremble, as-though it would part asunder, And
now the astonishinent of Alma was so great, that he became
dumb, that he could not open his mouth; yea, and he became
weak, even that he could not move his hands; therefore le
was taken by those that were with him, and carried helpless,
even until he was laid before his father. And they rehearsed
unto his father all that had happened unto them; and his fa-
ther rejoiced, for he knew that ?¢ was the power of God. And
he caused that a multitude should be gathered together, that
they might witness what the Lord had done for bis son, and
aso for those that were with him. And he caused that the
prests should assemble themselves together; and they began
{0 fast, and to pray to the Lord their God, that he would open
the mouth of Alma, that he might speak; and also that bis
linbs might receive their strength, that the eyes of the people
aan opened to see and know of the goodness and glory of

OG.

And it came to pass after they had fasted and prayed for
the space of two days and two nights, the limbs of Alma re-
ceived their strength, and he stood up and began to speak un-
to them, bidding them to be of good comfort: for, said he,
have repented of my sins, and have been redeemed of ¢
