 

Lord; behold, 1 am born of the spirit. And the Lord said
unto me, Marvel not that all mankind, yea, men, and wome,
all nations, kindreds, tongues and people, must be born agai
yea, born of God, changed from their carnal and fallen st
to a state of righteousness, being redeemed of God, becoming
duis sons and daughters; and thus they become new creatures;
and unless they do this, they can in no wise inherit the King.
dom of God. Isay unto you, unless this be the case, they
must be cast off: and this I know, because ] was like to be
cast off. Nevertheless, after wandering through much triby
jation, repenting nigh unto death, the Lord in merey hath seep
fit to snatch me out of an everlasting burning, and} am bom
of God; my soul hath been redeemed from the gall of bites
ness and bonds of iniquity. I was in the darkest abyss; but
aow I behold the marvellous light of God. My soul was wreck
ed with eternal iorment; but | am snatched, and my soul #
pained no more, I rejected my Redeemer, and denied that
which had heen spoken of by our fathers ; but now that they
may foresee that he wilt come, and that he remembereth every
creature of his creating, and he will make himself manifed
unio all; yea, every knee shall bow, and every tongue confey
before him. Yea, even at the last day, when all men shal
atand to be judged of him, then shall they confess that he iy
God; then shall they confess, who live without God in the
world, that the judgment of an everlasting punishment is jut
upon them; and they shall quake, and tremble, and shrink
beneath the glance of his all-searching eye.

And now it came to pass that Alma began from {his time
forward, to teach the pcople,and those which weve with dt
ma at the time the angel appeared unto them; travelling vount
about through all the land, publishing to all the people the
things which they had heard and seen, and preaching fle
word of God in much tribulation, being greatly persecuted by
those which were unbelievers, being smitten by many of them;
but notwithstanding all this, they did impart much consolation
to the church, confirming their faith, and exhorting them wil
Jong suffering and much travail, 10 keep the commandments
God. . And four of them were the sons of Mosiah ; and their
names were Ammon, and Aaron, and Omner, and Himni: these
were the names of the sons of Mosiah. And after they hal
travelled throughont all the land of Zarahemla, and among all
the people which was under the reign of king Mosiah, zea
®usly striving to repair all the injuries which they bad dom

 
