have eternal life; and I will deliver thy sons out of the bangs
of the Lamanites.

And it came to pass that Mosiah granted that they mj
go, and do according to their request; aud they took ties
journey into. the wilderness, to go up to preach the worl
among the Lamanites: and | shall give an account of the
proceedings hereafter. Now king Mosiab had no one 10 cop.
ter the kingdom upon, for there was not any of his sons whi
would accept of the kingdom; therefore he took the reconk
which were engraven upon the plates of brass, and also ily
plates of Nephi, and all the things which he had kept and pre
served, according to the commandments of God, and aig
having translated and caused to be written the records whid
were on the plates of gold, which had been found by the px,
ple of Limhi, which was delivered to him by the hand of Ling
hi: and this he done, because of the great anxicty of his pa
ple, for they were desirous beyond measure, to know congp
ning those people which lad been destroyed.. And now k
translated them by the means of those two stones which we
fastened into the two rims ef a bow. Now these things ma
prepared from the beginning, and was handed down from gm
eration to generation, for the purpose of interpreting langue
ges; and they have been kept and preserved by the hand @
the Lord, that he should discover to every creature which
should possess the land, the iniguities and abominations ¢
his people : and whosoever has these things, is called seer,
after the manner of old times.

Now after Mosiah had finished translating these records
‘behold, it gave an account of the people which was destroyel,
from the time that they were destroyed, back to the building
of the great tower, at the time the Lord confounded the la
gauge of the people; and they were scattered abroad upm
the face of all the earth, yea, and even from that time unl
the creation of Adam. Now this account did cause the pe
ple of Mosiah to mourn exceedingly ; yea, they were fillet
with sorrow ; nevertheless it gave them much knowledge, i
the which they did rejoice. And this account shall be written
hereafter: for behold, it is expedient that all people should
know the things which are written in this account.

  

   

 
