 

hie frampleth under his fect the comimandments of God; and
he enacteth laws, and sendeth them forth among his people ;
yea, baws after the manner of his own wickedness: and who-
soeyer doth not obey his laws, he causeth to be destroyed ;
ad whosoever doth rebel against him, he will send his armies
wainst them to war, and if he can, he will destroy them: and
tus an unrighteous king doth pervert the ways ofall right-
eousness. And now behold [ say unto you, It is not expedi-
at that such abominations should come upon you; therefore
choose you by the voice of this people, judges, that ye may
be judged according to the laws which hath been given you
by our fathers, which are correct, and which was giver them
bv the hand of the Lerd. Now it is not common. that the
wive of the people desireth any thing contrary to that which
istight; but it is common for the lesser part of the people to
desire that which is not right; therefore this shall ye observe,
aul make it your law to do your business by the voice of the
people. And if the time cometh that the voice of the people
| doth choose iniquity, then is the time that the judgments of
God will come upon you; yca, then is the time he will visit
you with great destructions cven as he hath hitherto visited
this lend. And now if ye have judges, and they do not judge
you according to the law which has been given, ye can cause.
that thoy may be judged of a higher judge; if your higher
judges doth not judge righicous judzments, ye shall cause that
asmall number of your lower judges should be gathered to-
gether, and they shall judge your higher judges, according to
the voice of the people, And I command you to do these
things in the fear of the Lord; and I command you to do these
things, and that ye have no king: that if these people commit
uns and iniquities, they shall be answered upon their own

ds. For behold I say unto you, The sins of many people
lave been caused by the iniquities of their kings; therefore
theiy iniquities are answered upon the heads of their kings.
And now I desire that. this inequality should be no more in
this land, especially among this my people ; but 1 desire that
‘his land be a land of liberty, and every man may enjoy his
ghis aud privileges alike, so long as the Lord seeth fit, that
We may live and inherit the land; yea, even as long as any of
Sur posterity remaineth upon the face ofthe land. And many
| More things did king Mosiah write unto them, unfolding unto

en all the trials and troubles of a rizhteous king; yea, all the
avails of soul for their people, and also all the mamuringe

 
