 

m ignominious death. Nevertheless this did not put an end
to the spreading of priesteraft through the land: for there was
many which loved the vain things of the world, and they
went forth preaching false doctrines ; and this they did for the
sake of riches and honor. Nevertheless they durst not he, if
it were known, for fear of the law, for liars were punished ;
therefore they pretended to preach according @: belie
and now the law could have no‘power on any Mfan for their
telief. And they durst not steal, for fear of the law ; for such
were punished ; ncithcr durst they rob, nor murder: for he
that murdered was punished unto death. nal
But it came to pass that whosoever did not belong to the
Church of God, began to persecute those that did belong to
the Church of God, and had taken upon them the name of
Christ; yea, they did persecute them, and afflict them with
al manuer of words, and this because of their humility; be-
* cause they were not proud in their own eyes, and because they
did impart the word of God, oue with another, without money
and without price. Now there was a strict law among the people
ofthe Church, that there should not any man, belonging to the
Church, arise and persecute those that did not belong to the
Church, and that there should be no persecution among them-
sives, Nevertheless, there were many ainong them who be~
gn to be proud, anil began to contend warmly, with their ad-
versaries, even unto blowsy yea, they would smite one anoth-
er with their fists. Now this was in the second year of the
rign of Alma, and it was a cause of much affliction to the
Charch ; yea, it was the cause of much trial with die Church;
for the hearts of many were hardened, and their names were
tlotted out, that they were remembered no’ more amongsthe
people of God. And also many withdrew themselves trom
tong them. Now this was a great trial to those thet dif
sand fast in the faith; nevertheless, they were sleadiast and
inmoyeable in keeping the commandments of God, and they
fore with paticnce the persecution, which was heaped upon }
them. And now when the priests left their labor, to impart
the word of God unto the people, the people also left their ly’
bors to hear the word of God. And when the priest had im-
/ parted unto them the word of God, they all returned again
tiligently unto their labors; and the priest, not esteeming him-
| slfabove his hearers; for the preacher was no better than
the neither was the teacher any better than the learner:
a icy were all equal, and they did all laboryevery man
© a

   

   
