gins? Behold, are ye stripped of pride? Isay unto you, if ye
are not, ye are nol prepared to meet God. Behold, ye must
prepare quickly, for the kingdom of Heaven is soon at hand,
and such an one hath not eternal life. Behold, I say, is there
one among you who is not stripped of envy? [say unto you,
that such an one is not prepared, and I would that he should
prepare quickly, for the hour is close at hand, and he inoweth
not when the time shall come: for such an one is not found
guiltless, And again I say unto you, is there one among you
that doth make a mock of his brother, or that heapeth upon
hin persecutions ? Wo unto such an one, for he is not pre-
pared, and the time is at hand that he must repent, or he can-
not be saved; yea, éven wo unto all ye workers of iniquity ;
repent, repent, for the Lord God hath spoken it. Behold, he
sindeth an invitation unlo all mén; for the arms of mercy is
extended towards them, and he saith, Repent, and I will re-
ceive you; yea, he saith, Come unto me and ye shall partake
ofthe fruit of the tree of life; yea, ye shall eat and drink of
the bread and the waters of life freely; yea, come unto mc
and bring forth works of righteousness, and ye shall not be
heivn down and cast into the fire: for behold, the time is at
tund that whosoever bringeth-forth not good fruit, or whoso-
ever doeth not the works of righteousness, the same hath cause
towail and mourn, O ye workers of iniquity; ye that are.
puffed up in the vain things of the world; ye that have pro-
fessed to have known the ways of rightcousness ; nevertheless
ye have gone astray, as sheep having no shepherd, notwith-
standing a shepherd hath called after you, and art still calling
after you, but ye will not hearken unto his voice. Behold, f
say unto you, that the good shepherd doth call you; yea, and
in his own name he doth call you, which is the name of Christ;
and if ye will not hearken unto the voice of the good shepherd,
tothe name by: which ye are called, behold, ye are not the
sheep of the good shepherd. And now if ye are not the sheep
ofthe good shepherd, of what fold are ye? Behold, I say
unto you, that the Devil is your shepherd, and ye are of his
fold; and now who can deny this? Behold, 1 say unto you,
Whosoever denieth this, is a liar and a child of the Devil; for
Say unto you, that whatsoever is good, cometh from God,
and whatsoever is evil, cometh from the Devil; therefore, fa
tn bringeth forth good works, be hearkeneth unto the voice
‘the good shepherd, and he doth follow him; but whosoever
Aringeth forth evil works, the same becometh a child of the

 

3885

 
