 

anto them, insomuch that they could not be confined in dun-
geons; neither were it possible that any man could slay them ;
nevertheless they did not exercise their power until they were
bound in bands and cast into prison. . Now this was done that
the Lord might show forth his power in them.

And it came to pass that they went forth and began to preach
and to prophesy unto the people, according to the spirit and
power which the Lord had given them.

 

es
CHAPTER VIL.

The words of Jima, and also the words of Amulek, which was
declared unto the people which was in the land of Ammoni-
hah. fut also they are cast into prison, and delivered by
the miraculous power of God which was in them, according
to the record of Alma.

Axp again: I Alma, having been commanded of God that
Ishould take Amulek and go forth and preach again unto this
people, or the people which was in the city of Ammonihah—
And it came to pass as I began to preach unto them, they ke-
fun to contend with me, saying: Who art thou? Suppose ye
that we shall believe the testimony of one man, although he
should preach unto us that the earth should pass away? Now
they understood not the words which they spake, for the
knew not that the earth should pass away. And they sayel i
ako, We will not believe thy words, if thou shouldst pro sy
that this great city should be destroyed in one day. No €
knew not that God could do such marvellous works, fo hey
Were a hard hearted and a stiffnecked people. And they say-
eth, Who is God, that sendeth no more authority than one
man among this people, to declare unto them the truth of such
great and marvellous things? And they stood forth to lay
‘heirhands on ine; but behold, they did not. And I stood
with boldness to declare unto them, yea, I did boldly testify
into them, saying: Behold, O ye wicked and perverse genera~
ton, how have ye forgotten the tradition of your fathers; yea,
how soon ye -haye forgotten the commandments of God. Do

Bae remember that our father Lehi- was brought out of Je-
salen by the hand of God? Do ye not remember that they
Were all led by him through the wilderness? And haye ye for
