 
    
       
  
   
   
   
   
    
 
  
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
    
 
  
  

to: the law, and that they:might be slain or cast into prison y
eording to the .crime which they could make appear, or
Ress against them. Now it was those men which SOUEh
destroy them, which were Lawyers, which were hired op »
pointed-by the people to.administer the law at their times.
trials, or at the trials of the crimes of the people, defore
Judges, Now these Lawyers were Jearned in all the ants »
cunmmng of the people ; and this was to enable them that the
might be skilfal in their profession. And it came to
that they began to question Amulek, that thereby they my
make him cross his words, or contrailict the words whicl
should speak. Now they knew not that Amulek could on
of their designs. But it came to pass as they began to aug!
tion him, he percieved their thoughts, and he saith unto then,
O ye wicked and perverse generation; ye Lawyers and hp
scrites ; for ye are laying the foundations of the Devil; for
are laying traps and snaresto oatch the holy ones of Gods
are laying plans to pervert the ways of the righteous, and)
oring down the wrath of God upon your heads, eyen tote
utter destruction of. this people ; yea, well did Mosiah.
who was our last king, when he was about to deliver up
kingdom, having no one to confer it upon, causing that te
people should be governed by their own voices ;- yea, welldg)
he say, that if the time should eome that the voice of this
ple should choose ‘iniquity; that is, if the time should eon
that this people should: fall into transgression, they woulds
ripe for destruction. | And-now I say unto you, that well doh
the Lord judge of your iniquities ; well doth he ery une
people, by the. voice bf his angels, Repent.ye, repent, for
Kingdom of Heaven is.at hand. . Yea, well doth he cry,
voice of his angels, that I will come down among my p
with equity and justice in my hands. Yea, and [say unto yun
that if it were not for the prayers of the righteous, ywhichar
now inthe land, that ye would even now be visited with-
destruction; yet it-would not be by flood, as were the p
im the.days of Noah, but it would be by famine, and by p
lence, and the sword. But-it is by the prayers of thet
#ous that ye are spared; now therofore if ye will castout th
righteous from. athong you, then .will not the Lord stay le
hand, but in his ferce vanger he-will come out against you!
fhe ye shall be-smitton by: famine, and by pestilence, and
the swords and the times soon_at hand, except ye

And now it came to pasa that the people were more
