was about to explain. Now we see that Adam did fall by
artaking of the forbidden fruit, according to the word of God;
‘and thas we see, that by his fall, that all mankind became. a
Jost and a fallen people. And now behold, I suy unto you,
that if it had’been possible for Adam for to have partaken of
the fruit of the tree of life at that time, that there would haye
peen no death, and the word sould have ‘been ‘rohan
Gode liar: for he said, If thou eat, thou shalt surely dic.
And we eee that death comes upon mankind, yea, the death
which has been spoken of by Amulek, which is the temporal
death ; nevertheless there was a space granted unto man, in
which he might repent; therefore this. hfe became a proba-
tionary stale ; a time to prepare to meet God; a time to pre-
are for that endless state, which has been spoken of by us,
which is after the resurrection of the dead. Nowif it had not
teen for the plan of redemption, which was Mid from the
foundation of the world, there could have heen no resurrection
ofthe dead; but there was a plan of redemption laid, whieh
shall bring to pass the resurrection of the dead, of which has
heen spoken. And now behold, if it were possible that our
first parents could have went Jorth and partaken of the tree of
lif, they would have been forever miserable, having no pre-
piratory state ; and thus the plan of redemption would have
teen frustrated, and the word of God would have been void,
taking none effect. But behold, .it was not so; but it was ap-
pointed unto man that they must dic; and after death, they
musi come to judgment; even that same judgment of which we
have spoken, which is the end. And after God had appointed
thal these things should come unto man, behold, then he sew
that it was expedient that man should know concerning. ihe
things whereof he lad appointed unto thems therefore he sent
angels to converse with them, which caused inep to beheld of
his vlory. And they began from. that time forth to call,an his
nade; therefore God conversed with men, und nl
unto them the plan of redemption, which had been » rived
‘from the foundation of the world; and this he made known
“unto them, according to their faith and repentance, end their
holy works; wherefore he gave commancaents nto, men,
they having first transgressed the first commandments ‘as to
things which were temporal, and becoming 28 Gods, knowing
‘good from evil, placing themselves in a slate to,act, or being
“Vit ina state to act, according to their-willssoad pleasures,

hether to’ do evil or to do <o0d5 therefore God gave unto

 

 

  

 
