sihah, who had been cast out and stoned, because they belie-
ved in the words of Alma. And they related unto them all
that had happened unto their wives and children, and also con-
eeming themselves, and of their power of deliverance. And.
aso Zeezrom lay sick at Sidom, with = buraing fever, which
was caused by the great tribulations of his mind, on account
of bis wickedness, for he supposed that Alma an wlek was
nomere; and he supposed that they had been slain, by the
cause of bis iniquity. And this gréat sin, and his many other
sing, did harrow up his mind until it did hecome exceeding
sore, having no deliverance; therefore he began to be scoych-
éd with a burning heat. Now when he heard that Alma and
Amulek was in the land of Sido, his heatt began to take
courage; and he sent a message immediately unto them, de-
sring tem to come unto hin,

And it came to pass thal they went immediately, obeying
themessage which he had sent unto them; and they went in
wiothe house unto Zeczrom; and they found him upon his
ted sick, being very low with a burning 3 und his mind
ako was exceeding sorc, because of bis iniquities; and when
lesaw them, he stretched forth his hand, and besought them
that they would heal him. .

And it came to pass (hat Alma said ‘unto him, taking him by
tlehand, Believest thou in the power of Christ unto salvation?
Andhe answered and said, Yea, F belive all the words that
} ttouhast taught. And Alma saith, If thou believest in the te-
dmption of Christ, thou canst behealed. And he saith, Yea,
Ihelieve according to thy words, And then Alma cried unto
teLord, saying, O Lord our God, have mercy on this’ many).
ind heal him according to his faith which is in Christ.” And‘ »
aime to pass that when Alma had said these words, that

tzom leaped upon his feet, and began to walk; and this”
tes done to the great astonishment of all the people; and the

owledge of this Went forth throughout all the land of Sidom.
I; Alma baptized Zeezrom unto the Lord; and he began

“on that: time forth to preach uiito the people. And Alma
Siablished a Church in the land of Sidom, and consecrated
| and teachers in the land, to baptize unto the Lord

ver were desirous to be baptized.
And it came to pass that they were many; for they did
wer in frora all the region round about Sidom, and were bap-
leh 3 but as tothe people that were in the land of Ammoni-
i 1 they yet remained a hardhearted end a stiffnecked peo-

 

 

  

  

 

 
