gn blessed them according to their several stations, having im-
parted the word of God unto them, or administered unto ther
before his departure ; and thus the 'y took their several journeys
throughout the land. And Ammon weutto the land of Ishmael,
the land being called after.the sons of Ishmael, whieh also be-
came Lamanites. And as Ammon enicred the land of Ishmacl,
the Lamanites took him and bound him, as was their custom,
to bind all the Nephites which fell into their hands, und carry
them before the king ; and thus it was left to the pleasure of
the king to slay them, or to retain them in captivity, or te cast
them into prison, or to cast them out of his land, according to
tis will and pleasure; and thus Ammon was carried before
the king which was over the land of Ishmael; and his name was
lamoni; and he was a descendant of Ishmael. And the king
inguired of Ammon if it were his desires to divell in the land
mong the Lamanites, or among his people? And Ammon
aid unto him, Yea, I desire to dwell among this people for a
ime; yea, and perhaps until the day I die. .
Audit came to pass that king Lamoni was much pleased
with Ammon, end caused that his bands should be loosed; and
lewould that Ammon should take one of his daughters to wife.
Bit Ammon saith unto him, Nay, but I will be thy servant;
therfore Ammon became a servant-to king Lamoni. And ié
fame to pass that he was set, among other servants, to-wateh
flocks of Lamoni, according to the custom of the Laman-
ils, “And it came to pass that after he had been in the ser,
Nee of the king three days, that as he was, with the Laman. =
ish Servants, a going forth with their flocks, to the place of,
miler, which was called the water of Sebus;.(and-all the
nites drive their flocks hither, that they might have’ wa-
tir) therefore as Ammon. and the servants of the king’ were
tering forih their Rocks to this place of water, behold, a cen
tuber of the Laanites who had been with their flocks
water, stood and scattered the flocks of Ammon, and the
vints of the king, and they scattered them insomuch that
fed many ways. : ‘ :
Wthe servants of the king begat to murmur, saying: Now
eatg will slay us, as he has our brethren, because their
locks tere scattered by the wickedness of. these men. And
fer began to wecp excecdingly, saying, Behold our floeks are
edalteady. Now they wepi-hecanse of the fear of he-
| Now when Ammon saw this, his heart was swollen
in, with Joy; for, said he, 1 will show forth. my pews

 
  

   
   
