And they saith unto hin, Behold, he is feeding thy horses.
Now the king had commanded his servants previous to the
time of the watermg of: their flocks, that they should prepare
his horses and chariots; and coiduet him forth to the landif
Nephi: for there had been a great feast appointed: at the lang
of Nephi, by the father of Lamoni, who was king over'all the
land. Now when king Lamoni heard that Amnon was pre.
aring his horses and his chariotsy he was more astonished,
Loins of the faithfulness of Ammon, saying: Surely, ‘there
has not been any servant among all my servants, that has beey
so faithful as this man; for even he doth” remember allmy
commandmenis to execute them. Now I surely know that
this is the Great Spirit; and I would desire him that he come
jn unto me, bul I durat not. 4
And it came to pass that when Ammon had made ready the
horses and the chariots for the king and his servants, he went
in unto the king, and he saw that the countenance of the kine
was changed ; therefore he was about to return out of his pres
ence ; and one of the king’s servants said unto him, Rabbanal,
which is, being interpreted, powerful, or great king, consider
ing their kings io be powerful; and thus he said unto him,
‘Rabbanah, the king desiteth thee to stay; therefore Amu
turned himself unto the king, and saith unto him, What wilt

. thou that 1 should do for thee, O king? And the king answe
ed him not for the space of an hour, according to their tine,
for he knew not what he should say unto him. And it cate

to pass that Ammon said unto him again, What desirest the

me? But the king answered bim not.

‘And it came to pass that Ammon, being filled with the spint
of God, therefore he perceived the thoughts of the king, And
he saith unto him, ‘Is it because that thou hast heard that]
defended thy servants and thy flocks, and slew seven of thier
brethren with the sling, and with the sword, and smote of tle
arms'of others, in order to defend thy flocks and thy servants;

-bebold, is it this that causcth thy marvellings ? 1 say unto you,
‘What is it, that thy marvellings are so'great + Behold, Dame
man, and am thy servant; therefore, whatsoever thou desins
which is right, that will Ido. Now when the king had heard
these words, he marvelled again, for be beheld that Ammoi
could discern his thoughts; but notwithstanding’ chis, king
Lamoni did open bis mouth, and'said unto him, Who art thot!

“ Art thou that Great Spirit, which knows all things? Amun
‘answered and said unto him, Tam not.” And the king saith,

 
