fight up his mind, which was the light of the glory of God,
whieh was a marvellous light of his goodness; yea, this light
had infused such joy into his soul, the cloud of darkness haying
geen dispelled, and the light-of everlasting light was lit up
inhis soul; yea, he knew that this had overcame his natural
frame, and he was carried away in God; therefore, what the
queen desired of him, was his only desire. Therefore he
went in to see the king, according as the queen had desired
him; and he saw the king, and he knew that he was not dead.
And be saith unto the queen, He is not dead, but he sleepeth in
God, and on the morrow he shall rise again; therefore bury
him not. And Ammon saith unto her, Believest thou this?
And she said unto him, I have had no witness, save thy word,
and the word of our servants; nevertheless, { believe that it
shall be according as thou hast said. And Ammon said unto
her, Blessed art thou, because of thy exceeding faith; 1 say
unto thee, woman, there has not heen such great faith among
all the people of the Nephites.

And it came to pass thet she watched over the hed of her
husband, from that time, even until that time on the merrow
which Ammon had appointed that he should rise. And it
came to pass that he arose, according to the words of Ammon;
and as he arose, he stretched forth his hand unto the woman,
and said, Blessed be the name of God, and blessed art thou:
for as surc as thou livest, behold, I have seen my Redeemer ;
and he shall come forth, and be born of a woman, and he shall
redeem all mankind who believe on his name. Now when he
had said these words, his heart was swollen within him, and
he sunk again with joy; and the queen also sunk down, being
overpowered by the spirit. Now Ammon seeing the spirit of
the Lord poured out according to his prayers upon the Laman-
iles, his brethren, which had been the cause of so much
nourning among the Nephites, or among all the people of God,
hecause of their iniquities and their traditions; and Ammon
fell upon his knees, and began to pour out his soul in prayer
and thanksgiving to God, for what he had done for his breth-
Fen; and he was also overpowered with joys and thus they
al three had sunk to the earth. Now when the servants of
the king had seen that they had fallen, they also began to-cry

into God, for the fear of the Lord had come upon themalsy:
fot was they which had stood before the king, and testified
bea concerning the great power of Ammon. *

nd it came to pass that they did call on the name of the

 
