the eayse of this great power, or what all thesg things could

pean. ; . s :

‘And itcame_to pass that-there was many among them, who
said that Ammon was the Great Spirit, and others said he was
sent by the Great Spirit; but others rebuked them all, say-
ing, That he was a monster, which hath been sent from the
Nephites to torment us; and there were some which said that
‘Ammon was sent by the Great Spirit to affiict them, because
of their iniquities, and that it was the Great Spirit that had
ahvays attended the Nephites, which had ever dehiveréd them
‘out of their hands; and they said that it was this Great Spirit
which had destrayed so many of their brethren, the Lanian-
ies; and thus the contention began to be excecding sharp
among them. And while they were thus contending, the wo-
man servant which had caused the multitude to be gathered
fogether, came; and when she saw the contention which was
among the multitude, she was exceeding sorrowful, even unto
tears. ‘ i

And it came to pass that she went and took the queen by
the hand, that perhaps she might raise her from the ground ;
and as soon as she touched her hand, she arose and stood up-
on her feet, and. cried with a loud voice, saying: O blessed ©
Jesus, who has saved me from an awful hell! O blessed God, i
ave merey on this people. And when she had said this, she
shsped her hands, being filled with joy, speaking many words
which were not understood; and when she had done this, she
took the king, Lamoni, -by the hand, and behold, he arose and
stood upon his feet; and he immediately, sceing the contention
anoug his people, went forth and began to rebuke them, and
foteach them the words which he had heard from the mouth
of Ammon; and as many as heard his words, believed, and
Were conyerted unto.the Lord. But there were many among
‘them which would not hear bis words; therefore they went
their way.., E ‘

', And it came to pass that when Ammon arose, jhe also ad-
-mMinistered unto them, and also did all the servants of Lamoni;

and they did all declare unto the people the: self-same thing :
that their hearts had been changed; that they had no more de-

Sreto do eyil. And behold, many did declare unto the people

tthey had seen angels, and had conversed with them; and

s they had told them things of God, and of his righteousness.

dit came to pass that there was many that did believe in ©

ir words ; andas many 2s did. believe, were baptized; and»

ts

     
   
