they became. a righteous people, and they did establish a chine
among them: and thus the work of the Lord did. commenes
among the Lamanites; thus the Lord did begin to pour ou
his spirit upon them ; and we see that his arm is extended tp
all people who will repent and believe on his name.

And it came to pass that when they had established q
church in that land, that king Lamoni desired that Ammop
should go with him to the land of Nephi, that he might show
him unto his father, And it came to pass that the voice of the
Lord came to Ammon, saying: ‘Thou shalt not go up to the
land of Nephi, for behold, the king will seek thy life; but thoy
shalt go to the land of Middoni; for behold, thy brother As
ron, and also Muloki and Ammah are in prison, is

Now it came to pass that when Ammon had heard this,
saith unto Lamoni, Behold, my brother and brethren: are ia
prison at Middoni, end Igo that I may deliver them. Now Le
moni saith unto Ammon, I know, in the strength of the Low,
thou canst do all things. But behold, I will go with thee io
the land of Middoni; for the king of the land of Middosi,
whose name is Antiomno, is a friend unto me ; therefore I go tp
the land of Middoni, that I may flatter the king of the land;
and he will cast thy brethren‘out of prison. Now Lema
saith unto him, Who told thee that my brethren were in prison!
And Ammon saith unto him, No one.hath told me, save ith:
God: and he said unto me, Go and deliver thy brethren, for
they are in prison in the land of Middoni. Now when Lam
ni had heard this, he caused that his servants should male
-vefidy his horses, and his chariots, And he saith unto Ant

mon, Come, | will go with thee down to the land of Mit
den}, and there J will plead with the king, that he will cast thy
‘brethren out of prison,

And it came to pass that as Ammon and Lamoni wasa
journeying thither, that they met the father of Lamoni, who
was king over all the land. And behold, the father of Lamon
saith unto him, Why did ye not come. to the feast, on that
great day when I made a feast unto my sons, and unto my
people? And he also saith, Whither art thou going with this
Nephite, which is one of the childrer of aliar? And it came
to pass that Lamoni rehearst unto him whither he was going
for he feared to offend him. And he also told him all the
cause of his tarrying in -his own kingdom, that he did not go”
unto his father, to the feast which he had -prepared, And”
now when Lamoni had rehearsed unto him all these things,

 

 
 

 
