Whold, to-bis astonishment, his father was angry with ‘him,
ad saith, Lamoni, thou art going to deliver these Nephites,
which are Sons Of a itar. Behold, he robbed our fathers;
ad now his children are also come amongst us, that they
may, by their cunning and their lyings, deceive us, that they
gain may rob us of our property. Now the father of Lamo-
meommannded him that hes! ould slay Ammon, with the
syord, And he alao commanded him thar he should not
goto the land of Middoni; but that he siould return with
tim, tothe lend of Ishmael But Lamoni saith unto him, I
wilnotslay Ammon, neither will } return to the land of Ish-
eel, but I vo to the land of Middoni, that 1 may release the
lethren of Ammon, for I know that they are just men, and
boly prophets of the true God. Now whea his father heard
hese words, he was angry with him, and he drew his sword
tat he might smite him to the carth. But Ammon stood forth
ad saith unto him, Behold, thou shalt not slay thy son; nev-
ertheless, it were better that he should fall ‘han thee: for be-
bold, he hath repented of his sins; but if thou shouldst fall at
itis time, in thine anger, thy soul could not be saved. And
iin: Itis expedient that thou shouldst’ forbear; for if thou
swuldst slay thy son, (he being and inmoceat wan,) his blood
mould cry from the ground, to the Lord his God, for vengeance
loeome upon thee ; and perhaps thou wowldst lose thy soul.
Yow when Ammon had said these words unto him, rb an-
svered him, saying: 1 know that if should slay my son, that
Ishould shed innocent blood; for it is thou that hast sought
bdestroy him: and he stretched foril his hand to slay Am-
to. But Ammon withstood his blows, and also smote his
am thatke could not use it. Now when the king saw that
-atumon could slay him, he began to plead with Ammon, that
‘ewould spare his life, But Ammon raised his sword, and
sid unto him, Behold, I will smite thee, except thou wilt grant
tnlo me that my brethren may be cast out of prison. Now the
‘ing, fearing that he should Lose his life, said, If thou wilt spare
te, 1 willgrant unto thee whatsoever thou wilt ask, even te
half of the kingdom.
Now when Ammon saw that he had wrought upon the old
cording to his desire, he saith unto him, If thou wilt
Sent that my brethren may be cast out of prison, and also
at Lamoni may retain his kingdom, and that ye be not dis-
cased with him, but grant that he may do according to his
WW desires, in whatsoever thing he thinketh, and-then will 1

 

 
