   
 
 
    
    
  
   

spare thee ; otherwise I will smite thee to the earths
when Ammon had. said these words, the king began.to, re
because of his life. And when he saw that Ammon had
desires to destoy him, and when he also saw the great low
had for his son Lamoni, he was astonished exceedingly,
saith, Because this is all that thou hast desired, that I wi
release thy brethren, and: suffer that my son Lanaoni.
retain his. kingdom, behold, I will grant unto you that my
may retain his kingdom from this time and forever}, and]
govern him.no more, . And I. will also grant. unto thee
thy brethrea may be cast out of prison, and ‘thou and
brethren may eome unio me, in my kingdom; for I
greatly desire to see-thee ; for the king was greatly astoni
atthe words which he had spoken, and also at. the
which had heen spoken by his son Lamoni; therefore ht
desirous to learn them. |
And.it came to pass that Ammon and Lamoni proceedety
their journey towards the land of Middoni. And it ca
pass that Lamoni found favor in ihe eyes of the king of|
Jind ; therefore the brethren. of Ammon was. brought forth
of prison. . And when Ammon did meet them, he was exe
ing sorrowful, for behold, they were naked, and. their ski
were worn, exceedingly, because of being bound with sing
cords. And they also had suffered hunger, thirst, and all kiy
of alilictions ; nevertheless they were patient in all their
ferings. And as it happened, it was their lot to have fale
into the hands of a more hardened and a more stiifnecked po
ple; therefore they would, not hearken unto their words, al
‘they had cast them out, and had smote them, and had dy
them from house to house, and from place to place, event
lil they had arriven to the land of Middoni ; and there thy
were taken and cast into prison, and bound with strong cork,
aud kept in prison for many days; and were delivered byl
‘moni and Ammon, ; 4

   
   
 

CHAPTER XII

In account. of the preaching af Jaron aud Muloki, @
their brethren, to the Lamunites, . itd

Now when Ammon and his brethren separated themsel®
