 

jathe Worders*of the land of the Lamanites, heholdy Aardn
wok his journey towards the land which was called by the
jananites, Jerusalem ; calling it after the land of their fathers?
auivity; and it was away joiing the borders of Mormon.—
Now the Lamanites, and the Amalekitcs, and the people ‘of
Amalon, had built a great city, which was called Jerusalem.
Yow the Lamanites, of themselves, were sufficiently hardened,
fut the Amalekites, and the Amulonites, were still harder 5
heréfore they did cause the Lamanites that they should harden
ier hearts, that they should wax stronger in wickedness, and
{heir abominations.

‘And it came to pass that-Aaron came to the cily of Jerusa-
lm, end firstly began to preach to the Amalekites. » And he
began to preach to them in their synagogues, for they had built
smazogues, after the order of the Nehors; for many of the
Amalekites and the Amulomtes were after the order of the Ne-
tors, Therefore, as Aaron entered into one of their syna-
gues to preach unto the people, and as he was speaking un-
iothem, behold there arose an Amatlckitc, and began to con-
fend with him, saying; What is that that thou hast testified ?
fast thou seen an angel? Why do not angels appear unto

| wt Behold, are not this people as good as thy people ?—

Thou also sayest, Except sve repent, we shall perish. How
Wowest thou the thought and intent of our heart? How
bnowest thou that we have cause to repent? How knowest
thou that we are not a righteous people? Behold, we have
bill smetuarics, and we do assemble ourselves together to
Wrskip God. We do believe that God will save all men.

Now Aaron said unto him, Believest thou that the Son of
God shall come to redeem mankind fro:n their sins 2) And the
tin saith unto him, We do not believe that thou knowest
aly such thing. We do not believe in these foolish traditons.
We'do not believe that thou knowest of things to come, nel-
ther do we believe that thy fathers, and also that our fathers

i know concerning the things which they spake, of that
Thich is to come.

Now Aaron began to open the Scriptures unto them, con-
@ning the coming of Christ, and also concerning the resur-
Retion of the dead, and that there could be no rédenrption

mankind, save it were through the death and sufferings of
(itist, and the atonement of his blood. Am it came 1o pass

: Cas he- began to expound these things unto them, they were

with him, and began to mock him ; and they would net
