   
  
   
  
    
   
  
 
 
    
 
  
  
  
   
 
 
  
   
  

hésr the words which he spake; therefore, when he saw]
they would not hear his words, he departed out of the gg
gogue, and vame over to avillage which was called Ain
and there he found’ Muloki a preaching the word unto thy,
and also Ammalh), and his brethren. And they contendedy
many about the word, And it came to pass that they
that the people’ would harden their hearts; therefere they
parted, and came over ito the land of Middoni. And the
preach the word unto many, and few believed on the w
which they taught. Nevertheless, Aaron, and a certain r
ber of his brethren, were taken and cast into prison, atid
remainder of them fled out of the land of Middoni, unto the
gions round about. And those which were cast into pri
suilered many things, and they were delivered by the han}
Lamoni and Ammon; and they were fed and clothed, |
they went forth again to declare the word; and thus they»
delivered for the first time out of prison; and thus they |
suifered. And they went forth whithersoever they were]
by the spirit of the Lord, preaching the word of God inem
synagegue of the Amalekites, or in every assembly of thell
manites, where they could be admitied. '
And it came to pass that the Lord began to bless themal
somuch that ihey brought many to the knowledge of the try
yea, they did convince many of their sins, and of the tradiiq
of their fathers, which were not correct, 7
And if came to pass that Ammon and Lamoni returned ng
the land of Middoni, to the land of Ishmael, which was f
land of their inheritance. And king Lamoni would not sult
that Ammon should serve him, or be his servant; but he cat
ed that there should be synagogues built in the fand of Ishi
el; and he caused that his people, or the people which
under his reign, should assemble themselves together.
he did rejoice over them, and he did teach them many thing)
‘And he did also declare unto them that they were a pegji
which was under him, and that they were a Tree péople; !
they were free from the oppressions of the’king, his father;
that his father had granted unto him that he might reign off]
the peopie which were in the land of Ishmael, and in all
land round about. And he also declared unto them that th
might have the liberty of worshiping the Lord their God,
cording to their desires, in whatsoever place they were in,
were in the land which was under the reign of king T.ame
And Ammon did preach unto the people of king Lamoni—
