jg it came to pass that he did teach them all things concern-
ig things pertaining to righteousness, And he did exhort
fim daily, with all diligence ; and they.gave heed unto his
pri, and they were zealous for keeping the commandments
¢Gol. Now as Ammon was thus teaching the people of
Ianont continually, we will return to the account, of Aaron
jhis brethren ; for after he. departed from the land of Mad-
i he was led by the spirit to the land of Nephi; even to
fghouse of the king which was over all the land, save it
wx tie Jand of Ishmael; and he was the father of Lamoni.
4od it came to pass that he went in unto him into the king’s
ce, with his brethren, and bowed himself before the king,
said unto him, Behold, O king, we are the brethren of
fanon, whom thou hast delivered out of prison, And now,
jking, if thou wilt spare our lives, we will be thy servants,
iid the king saith unto them, Arise, for I will grant unto you
oirlves, and I will not sufler that ye shall be my servants ;
ilwill insist that ye shall administer unto me; for I haye
‘en somewhat troubled in mind, because of the generosity,
slike greatness of the words of thy brother Ammon; and I
ise to know the cause why he has not come up out of Mid-
‘ui, with thee.. And Aaron saith unto the king, Behold, the
tof the Lord hath calied him another way: he hath gone
Hed of Ishmael, to teach the people of Lamoni. Now
fling saith unto them, What is this that ye have said con-
ing the spirit of the Lord? Behold, this is the thing which
UB trouble me, And also, what is this that Ammon said—if
ill repent ye shall be saved, and if ye will not repent, ye
be cast Of at the Jast day? And Aaron answered him
sid unto him, Believest thou that there is a God? | And
ng saith, J know that tbe Amalekites say that there is a
and I have granted unto {hem that they should build sane-
that they might assemble themselves together, to wor-
e And if now thou sayest there is a God, behold, I
lieve,
‘Atd now when Aaron heard this, bis heart began to rejoice,
Whe saith, Behold, assuredly, as thou livest, O king, there.
"4God. And the king saith, Is God that Great Spit that
t our fathers out of the land of Jerusalem? And Aaron ,
unto him, Yea, he is that Great Spirit, and he created all
both in Heaven and in earth: believest thou this 1—-
saith Yea, I believe that the Great Spirit created all

    
 

  
 
 

 
