  
 
  
  
   
  
    
   
    
  
   
    
 
    
  
 
 
 
   
     
 

tmings,-and L-desire thatye should tell me concerning all thy
things, and] will believe thy words.’ dal
» And it-come to pass that when Aaron saw that the
would believe his words, he began from the creation of Ada»
reading the Scriptures unto the king; how God created ya}
after his-own image, and that God gave him commandmegg|
anid that because of transgression, man had fallen. -And
did expound_unio him the Scriptures, from the creation/of4
am, lying the fall of man before him, and their carnal stay
ant also the plan of redemption, which was prepared from
foundation: of the world, thronzh: Christ, for all whose
would believe on his name. “And since man ‘had fullen§
could not merit any thing of himself; but the sufferings ay
death of Christ atoneth for their sins, through faith andy
pentance, &e.; and that he breaketh the bands: of dea
that the grave ehall have no victory, and that the sting of dea

should he swallowed up in the hopes of glory > and Aaron

expound all these things unfe the king. And it'came to
that after Aaron had expounded these things -unto “hity
king saith, What sliall I dogtnat may have this eternal th
of which thou hast spoken? Yea, what shall I do, that Fm
be born of God, having this» wicked spirit rooted out of
breast) and receive ‘his spirit, that I may be filled with joy,
imay not be cast-off atthe last day? “Behold, saith hes]
give-up ail that I possess ; yea, I will forsake my kingdom,
damay receive this great joy. But Aaron saith unto bin
thoadesirest {his thing, if thou wilt how down before God, y,
af thou repent of-all thy sins, and will how down before Got
‘and call on his name in fatth, believing that ye shall receit,
then shalt thou receive the hope which thou desirest: — /
And it came to pass that when Aaron had said these wonk
the king did bow down before the Lord, upon his knees ; 7
even he did prostrate himself upon the earth, and cried mit
- atily, saying, O God; Aaron hath told me that there is a Gat,
“and if there isa God, and if thou art God, wilt thou mak
_ thyself known unto me, and [ will give away all my sins
know thee, and‘that I may be raised from the dead, and ®
saved at the last day. And now when the king had said thes:
words, he was strack as if he were dead. rf
And it came to pass that his servants ran and told fi}
queen all that had happened unto the king. - And she camel
unto the king; and when she saw him lay as if-he were de J
