gialso Aaron and his brethren’ standing as: though they had
igen the cause of his fall, she was angry with-them, and Com
ganded that her servants; or ‘the servants of the king, should
gkethem*andsslay them. Now the ‘servants had seen the
usd of the king’s fall, therefore they durst not lay their bands
@Aaropand his brethren; and they plea:! with the queen, say-
ims Why commandest:thow that we sbould slay these men,
fren beliold, one of themis mightier themus all? Therefore
neshal] fall ‘before them: Now when the queen saw the fear
dfthe servants, she also began to fear execedingly, lest there
gould Somé evil come upon her. And she ‘commanded: her
srvants that they should go and call the people, that they
sightslay Aaron and his brethren. Now when Aaron saw
fe determination of the queen, and he also knowing the hard-
pssof the hearts of the people, feared lest thet 2 multitude
thuld assemble themselves together, and there should be a
geat contention, and a disturbance among them 3 therefore he
wt forth his hand and raised the king from the éarth, and said
wis him, Stand: and he stood upon his feet, receiving his
stength. Now this was done im;the presence of the queen,
ad many ofthe servants. And when they saw it; they greatly
anvelled, and began to fear. “And the King stood forth: and
feran to minister unto them. And he did minister unto them
jmomuch that his whole household were converted unto the
lord.» Now there waa multitude gathered together because
dike commandment of the queen, and therebegan to he great
mimurings among them, because of Aaron and his brethren.
Ait ihe king stood forth among them, and administered: unto
hm, And it came to pass that they were’ pacified towards
aaton, and those which. were with im. « ie
“And it came to pass that when the king saw that the people
Were pacified, he cansed that Aaron and his brethren should
‘and forth in.the midst of the multitude, and that they should
hihe-word unto them. And it came fo pass that the
sent a proclamation throughout all the land, amongst all
bis feople which was’in all his land, which was in all the re-
‘round about, which was bordering even to the sea, on
‘east; and on the west, and which was divided from the
{of Zarahemla by a narrow strip of wilderness, which ran
© sea, east, even to the sea west, and round about on
ars'of the sea shore, and the borders of the wilderness
was'on the north, by the’ land of Zarahemla, through
ers of Manti, by the head of the river Sidon, rumping

 

 
   
 
 
  

 
