‘ae!

from the east towards the west; and thus were the Lamatitey
and the Nephites divided. Now the more idle part of the La.
manites lived in the wilderness, and dwelt in tents; and they
were spread through the wilderness, on the west, in the layj
of Nephi; yea, and also on the west of the land of Zarahe

in the borders, by the seashore, and on the west, in the lan
of Nephi, in the place of their fathers’ first inheritance; ang
thus bordering along by the seashore. And also there wa
many Lamanites on the east by the seashore, whither the Ne
phites had driven them. And thus the Nephites were ne
surrounded by the Lamanites; nevertheless the Nephites baj
taken possession of all the northern parts of the land, borden
on the wilderness, at the head of the river Sidon, fo
east to the west, round about on the wilderness side; on
north, even until they came to the land which they, call
Bountiful. And it bordered upon the land which they ob
Desolation ; it being so far northward that it came info th
Jand which had been peopled, and had been destroyed, a
whose bones we have spoken, which was discovered by te
people of Zarahemla ; it heing the place of their first landing
And they came from there up into the south wilderness. ‘Thus
the land on the northward was called Desolation, and the lad
on the southward was called Bountiful; it being the wildernes,
which -was filled with all manner of wild animals of-eveq
kind ; a part of which had come from the land northward, fe
food. And now it was only the distance of a day and a half
joumey for a Nephite, on the Jine Bountiful, and the land Dee
olation, from the East to the West sea; and thus the landd
Nephi, and the land of Zarahomla, was nearly surrounded by
water; there being a small neck of land between the‘la
northward, and ihe Jand southward.

And it came to pass that the Nephites hed inhabited the
jand Bountiful, even from the East unto the West sea, aut
thus the Nephites in their wisdom, with their guards and thet
armies, had hemmed in the Lamanites on the south, that there
by they should have no more possession on the north, that
they might not overrun the land northward ; therefore the Li
manites could have no more possessions only in the land of
Nephi, ant the wilderness rouad about, Now this was wit
dom in the Nephites; asthe Lamanites were an en-my
them, they would not suffer their afllictions on every hand, and
also that they might have a conairy whither they might flee,
secording to their desires. And now I, after haying said this,

 

 
