they began to rebel against their king, insomuch that they
would not thaf he should be their king; therefore they took
up arms against the people of Anti-Nephi-Lehi.

Now the king conferred the kingdom upon his son; and he,
called his name Anti-Nephi-Lehi. And the king died in that
sél-same year that the Lamanites began to make preparation
for war against the people of God. Now when Ammon and
his brethren, and al those which had come up with him, saw
the preparations of the Lamanites to destroy their brethren,
they came forth to the land of Midian, and there Ammon met
all his brethren; and from thence they came to the land of
Ishmael, that they might hold a council with Lamoni, and also
with his brother Anti-Nephi-Lebi, what they should do to de-
fend themselves against the Lamanites. ‘Now there was not
one soul among all the people which had been converted unto
the Lerd, that would take up arms against their brethren ; nay,
they would not even make any preparations for war 5. yea, and
so their king commanded them that they should not. Now
these are the words which he said unto the people concerning
the matter: I thank my God, my beloved People, that our
great God has in goodness sent these our brethren, the Ne-
phites, unto us to preach unto us, and to convince us of the
Seditions of our wicked fathers. And bchold, I thank my

  

‘Steal God that Le bas given us a portion of his spirit to soften

our hearts, that we have opencd a correspondence with these
brethren, the Nephites; and behold, I also thank my God that
by opening this correspondence, we have been convinced of
Gur sins, and of the many murders which we have comipitted ;
and 1 also thank my God, yea, my great God, that he hath
granted unto us that we might repent of these things, and also
that he hath forgiven us of those our many sins and murders
Which we have committed, and took away the guilt from our
hearts, through the merits of his Son. And now behold, my
brethren, ‘singe it has been all that we could do, (as we were
the most lost of all mankind,) to repent of all our sins and the
many murders which we have committed, and to get God to

ke then away from our hearts, for it was all we could do
to repent sufficiently before God, that he wonld take away our
stain. Now my best beloved brethren, since God hath taken
vay our stains, and our swords have become bright, then let
¥s stain our swords no more with the blood of our brethren.

thold, ¥ say unto you, Nay, let us retain our swords, that
they be not Stained with the blood of our brethren: for per-
