hold the number of your sheaves, and they shall be gathered,
into the garners, that they are not wasted ; yea, they shall nor
be beaten down by the storm, at the last day 5 yea, neither
shall they be harrowed, up by the whirlwinds; but when the
storm cometh, they shall be gathered together ‘in their place
that the storm cannot penetrate to them; yea, neither shal}
they be driven with fierce winds, whithersoever the enemy
listeth to carry them. But behold, they are in the hands of
the Lord of the harvest, and they are his; and he will raise.
them up at the last day. Blessed be the name of our God:
Jet us sing to his praise, yea, let us give thanks to bis holy.
name, for he doth. work righteousness forever. For if we had
not come up out of the land of Zarahemla, these our dearly
beloved brethren, which have so dearly beloved us, would
still have heen racked with hatred against us, yea, and they
would also have been strangers to God. q
And it came to pass that when Ammon had said these words,
his brother Aaron rebuked him, saying: Ammen, I fear thi
thy joy doth carry thee away unto boasting. But Ammon saith
unto him, Ido not boast in my own strength, or in my on
wisdom; but behold, my joy is full, yea, my heart is brim
with joy, and I will rejoice in my God; yea, T know that Tam
nothing ; as to my strength, I am weak 3 thevefore 1 will not
boast of myself, but I will boast of my God; for in his strength’
J can do all things; yea,, behold, many mighty miracles we
have wrought in this land, for which we will praise his name
forever. Behold, how many thousands of our brethren hath
he loosed from the pains of hell; and they are brought to sing
redeeming love ; and this because of the power of his wort
which is in us; therefore have we not great reason to rejoice?
Yea, we have reason to praise him forever, for he is the Most
High God, and has loosed our brethren from the chains of
hell. Yea, they were encircled about with everlasting dark:
ness and destruction; but behold, he hath brought them inte
his everlasting light, yea, into everlasting salvation; and they
are encircled about with the matchless bounty of his love;
yea, and we. have been instruments in his hands, of doing this”
great and marvellous work; therefore let us glory, yea, we
will glory in the Lord; yea, we will rejoice, for our joy is
full; yea, we will praise our God forever. Behold, who can
glory too much in the Lord? . Yea, who can say too much of
his great power, and of his mercy, and of his long suffering to-~
wards the children of men? Behold I say unto you, } cannel

 
