elled from house to house, relying upon the mercies of ty’
world ; “not upon the mercies of the world alone, but upon the
mercies of God; and we haye entered into their houses ang
taught them, and we have taught them in their streets; yea,
and we have taught them upon their hills; and we have alsy
entered into their temples and their synagogues and tangy
them; and we have becn cast out,and mocked, and spit Upon,
and smote upon our cheeks; and we have been stoned, an
taken and bound with strong cords, and cast into prison; and
ihrough the power and wisdom of God, we have been delive
ed again; and we have suffered all manner of afflictions, ag
all. this, that perhaps we might be the means of saving somg
soul; and we supposed that our joy would be full, if perhays
we could be the means of saving some, Now behold, we cay!
took forth and see. the fruits of our labors; and are they few!)
Tsay unto you, Nay, they are many; yea, and we can witnes|
of their sincerity, because of their love towards their brethren,
and also towards us. For behold, they lad rather sacrifice
their lives, than even to take the life oftheir enemy ; and they,
have buried their weapons of war deep in the earth, becauy
of their loye towards their brethren. And now behold Isa
unto you, Has there been so great love in all the land? Be
hold, say unto you, Nay, there has not even among the Ne
phites.. For behold, they would take up arms against ther
brethren; they would not suffer themselves to be slain, Bu
behold, how many of these have laid down their lives; nal
we know that they have gone to their God, because of theit
love, and of their hatred to sin, Now have we not reason lo
rejoice? Yea, I say unto you, There never was men that lad
80 great reason to rejoice as we, since the world began; y@
and my joy.is carried away, even unto hoasting in my Gal;
for he has all power, all wisdom, and all understanding ; he
eomprehendeth all things, and he is a merciful Being, even u-
to-salvation, to those who will repent and believe on his name
Now if this is boasting, even so will I boast; for this.is ay
fife and my light, my joy aud my salvation, and my_ redemption
from dverlasting wo. Yea, blessed is. the name of my
who hath been mindful of this-people, which are.a branch
the tree of Israel, and hath been lost from its body, in a sirasg
lout; yea, T say, blessed be the name of my God, who hall
been mindful.of us wanderers in a strange land, Now ay
brethron, ve see that God is mindful of every peenle, in whar
soever land they may be in; yea, he numbereth his people

 
