and his bowels of mercy is over all the carth, Nov thissis my
joy, and my great thanksgiving; yea, and 1 will give thanks
uio my God forever. Amen.

EE
CHAPTER XY.

Now it came to pass that when those Lamanites which had
ane to war against the Nephites, had found, after their many
snuggles for to dewtroy thein, that it was in yain to seek their
destruction, they returned again to the land of Nephi. | And it
same to pass that the Amalekites, because of their loss, were
weeeding ‘angry. And when they saw that they could not
sek revenge from the Nephites, they: began te stir up the peo-
ple in anger against? their brethren, the people of. Anti-Nephi-
idi; therefore they began again to desirey them. Now this
wople again rufused to take their arms, and they suffered
tiemselves to be slain according to the desires of their cne-
nies, Now when Ammon and-his brethren saw this work of
destruction. among those who they so dearly beloved, and
mong those who had so dearly beloved them; for they were
teated as though they were angels sent from God to save them
ftm everlasting destruction ; therefore, when Ammon and his
brethren ‘saw this great work of destruction, they were moved
wih compassion, and they seid unto the king, Let us gather
lwether this people of the Lord, and let us go down to the Jand
dZaraherla, to our brethren, the Nephites, and flee out cf they
hands of our enemies, that we be not destroyed. But the king
sith unto them, Behold, the Nephites will destroy us, because

themany murders and sins we have committed against them,
bi Ammon: saith, I wil go and inquire of the Lord, and if he

‘ith unto us, Go down unto our brethren, Will ye go? And
teking saith unto him Yea; ifthe Lord saith unto us Go, we
till godoywn unto our brethren, and we will be their slaves -
til we repair unto them the many murders and sins which
We have committed against them. But Ammon saith unio bim,
is against the law of our brethren, which was established
Fy father, that there should be any slaves among them;
Werefore let us go. down and rely upon the mercies of our
Yretimen, But the king saith unto him, Inquire of the Lord,
ind ifhe saith unto us Go, we will go; otherwise we will pers
Si inthe Tand, ,

 
