.

 
 
   

cient priests, to usurp power and authority over them, to keg

  
  
   
 
 

And thus he did preach unto them, leading away the hearts
many, causing them to lift up their heads in their wickedy s
yea, leading away many women, and also men, to com
whoredoms ; telling them that when a man was dead, |
‘was the-end thereof.

Now this man went over to the land of Jarshon also,
preach these things among the people of Ammon, which wer
onec the people of the Lamanites. But behold, they wer
more wise than many of the Nephites; for they took him, aig]
bound him, and carried him before Ammon, which was a Hig!
Priest over that people. 4

And it came to pass that he caused that he should be carrie
out of the land. And it came to pass that he came over inl
the land of Gideon, and began to preach unto them alsa; 4
here he did not have much success, for he was isha
bound, and carried before the High Priest, and also the Chi
Judge over the land. ¥

And it came fo pass that the High Priest saith unto hin,
Why do ye go about perverting the ways of the Lord? Wh
do ye teach this people that there shall be no Christ, to inte
rupt their rejoicings ? Why do ye speak against all the prop
ecies of the holy prophets? Now the High Priesi’s name ns
Giddonah. And Korihor saith unto him, Because I dom
teach the foolish traditions of your fathers, and because Id
ot teach this people to bind themselves down under the fool.
| ordinances and performances which are laid down bya F

them im ignorance, that they may not lift up their heads, hut
be brought down according to thy words. Ye say that tli
people is a free people. Behold, I say they are in bondage.
Ye say that those ancient rophecics are true. Behold, fay
that ye do not know that ey are true. Ye say that this por
ple is a guilty and a fallen people, because of the transgre®
sion of a parent. Behold, } say that a child is not guilty be
Cause of its parents, And ve also say that Christ shall come,
But behold, Tsay that ye do not know that there shall bea
Christ. And ye say also, that he shall be stain for the sinsol
the world; and thus ye lead away this’ people after the foolish
cording to your own desiges;
and ye keep them down, ever i in bondage, that ye
may glut yourselves with the labors of their hands, that ther
durst not look up with boldness, end that they durst not enjoy
their rights and privileges; yea, they durst.not make use &

 

traditions of your fathers, aud a

    
  

  

 
