| jhat which is their own, lest they should offend their priests,
| shichido yoke them according to their desires, and haih brought
dem to believe by their traditions, and their dreams, and their
shims, and their visions, and their pretended mysteries, that
they should, if they did not do according to their words, of:
fad some unknown being, which they say is God; a being
yhich never hath been seen nor known, which never was nor
never will be. Now when the High Priest and the Chief Judge
aw the hardness of his heart; yea, when they saw that he
would revile even against God, they would not make any reply
his words ; but they caused that he should be bound; and
iiey delivered him up into the bands of the officers, and sent
jim to the land of Zarahemla, that he might be brought before
iim, and the Chief Judge, which was governor over all the
lend.

And it came to pass that when le was brought before Alma
al the Chief Judge, that he did go on in the same manner as
ledid in the land of Gideon ; yea, he went on to blaspheme.
ind he did rise up in great swelling words before Alma, and
ddrevile against the priests and teachers, accusing them of
lading away the people after the silly traditions of their fa-
thers, for the sake of glutting in the labors of the people.—
Yow Alma saith unto him, ‘hou knowest that we do not glut
cuselyes upon the labors of this people ; for behold, ¥ have
4uhored even from the commencement of the reign of the Judg-
until now, with mine own bands, for my support, notwith-
sending my many travels round about the land, to declare the
wrd of God unto my people. And notwithstanding the many
thors which I have performed in the church, I have never
teeived 80 much as even one senine for my labor; neither
lath any of my brethren, save it were in the judgment seat ;

| ad then we have received only according to law, for our time.
dnd now if we do not receive any thing for our labors in the
thirch, what doth it profit us to labor in the chureh, save it
tere to declare the truth, that we may have rejoicings in the
hyofour brethren? ‘hen why sayest thou that we preach
to this people to get gain, when thou of thyself knowest
that we receive no gain? And now, believest thou that we
teceive this people, that causeth such joy in their hearts ?—

id Korihor answered him, Yea. And then Alma saith unto
jim, Belicvest thou that there isa God? And he answered,
“yy. Now Alma saith unto him, If ye deny again that there
Sa God, and also deny the Christ: for behold, I say unte

 

Pe
