you, I know there isa God, and also that Christ shall ¢
And now, what evidence have ye that there is no God, or thay
Christ cometh not? {say unto you that ye have none, sy
it be your word only. But behold, J have all things asa tq
timony that these ihings are true; and ye also have all dy
es a testimony unto you that they are true; and will ye dey
them?  Believest thou that these things are true? Behold |
know that thou believest, but thou art possessed with a]
spirit, and ye have put off the spirit of God, that it may hay
no place in you; but the Devil hath power over you, and i
doth earry you about, working devices, that he may des
the children of God. And now Korihor saith unto Alma, j
thou wilt shew me a sign, that I may be convinced that
is a God, yea, shew unto me that he hath power, and thy
will Iss convinced of the truth of thy words. But Almasiif
unto hin, Thou hast had signs enough ; will ye tempt yor
God? Will ye say, Shew unto me a sign, when ye have &
testimony of all these thy brethren, and also all the holy prop
ets? ‘Lhe Scriptures are laid before thee, yea, and all thins
denote there is a God; yea, even the earth, and all thin:
that is upon the face of it, yea, and its motion; yea, and alr
all the planets which move in their regular form, doth witnes
that there is a Supreme Creator; and yet do ye go about
‘teading away the hearts of this people, testifying unto thm
there is no God. And yet will ye deny against all these wi
nesses? And he said, Yea, J will deny, except ye shall she
me a sign. 1
And now it came to pass that Alma said unto him, Behold
Tam grieved because of the hardness of your heart; yea, tli!
ye will still resist the spirit of the iruth, that thy soul mayl
destroyed. But behold, it is better that thy soul should
lost, than that thou shouldst be the means of bringing may
souls down to destruction, by thy lying and by thy flatter
words ; therefore if thou shalt deny again, behold, God shi
smite thee, that thou shalt become dumb, that thou sbaltze
ver open thy mouth any more, that thou shalt not deceit?
this people any more. Now Korihor saith unto him, I dom
deny the existence of a God, but I do not believe that there’
a God; and I say also, that ye do not know that there is4
God ; and except ye shew me a sign, I will not believe. Nor
Alma saith unto him, This will I give unto thee fora si
that thou shalt be struck dumb, according to my words;
J say, tbat in the name ef God, that ye shall be struck dumh

 
