And now as I said concerning faith: Faith, is not to have a

rfect knowledge of things; therefore if ye have faith, ye
hope for things which is not seen, which are true. And now,
behold, Tsay unto you: and J would that ye should remem-
ber that God is merciful unto all who believe on his name;
therefore he desireth, in the first place, that ye should believe,
yea, even on his word. And now, he imparteth his word by
angels, unto men; yea, not only men, but women also. Now
fhix is not all: little children doth have words given unto them
many times, which doth confound the wise and the learned.

And now, my beloved brethren, as ye have desired to know
of me what ye shall do because ye are afflicted and cast out :
now Ido not desire that ye should suppose that I mean to
jndge you only according to that which is true; for I do not
mean that ye all of you have been compelled to humble your-
elves; for I verily believe there are some among you which
would humble themselves, let them be in whatsoever circmmn-
sancesthey might. Now as I said concerning faith—that it was
nota perfect knowledge, even so it is with my words. Ye cannot
know of their surety at first, unto:perfection, any more than
fith is a perfect knowledge. But behold, if ye will awake
and arouse your faculties, even to an experiment upon my
words, and exercise a particle of faith; yea, evenif ye can no
more than desire to betieve, let this desire work in you, even
until ye believe in a manner that ye can give place for a por-
tion of my words. Now we will compare the word unto a
sed. Now if ye give place, that a seed may be planted in
your heart, behold, if it be a true seed, or a good sced, if ye
do not cast it out by your unbelicf, that. ye will resist the spirit
ofthe Lord, behold, it will begin to swell withirl your breasts ;
and when you feel these swelling motions, ye will begin to say
within yourselves, It must needs be that this is a good seed,
orthat the word is good, for it beginneth to enlarge my soul;
yea, it beginneth to enlighten my understanding; yea, and it
beginueth to he delicious to me. Now behold, would not this
increase your faith? I say unto you, yea; nevertheless it hath
tot grown up to a perfect knowledge. But behold, as the
seed swelleth, and sprouteth, and beginneth to grow, and ther.
ye must needs say, That the sced is good ; for behold it swell-
ath, and sprouteth, and begimcth to grow. And uow behold,
até ye sure that this is a good seed? I say unto you, Yea;
for every seed bringeth’ forth unto its own likeness ; there-
fore, if a seed’ groweth, it is good, but if it groweth not, he-
