hold, if is not good ; therefore it is cast away. And now he
Lold, because ye have tried the experiment, and planted the
seed, and it swelleth, and sprouteth, and beginncth to erom,
ye must needs know that the seed is good. And now behold,
is your knowledge perfect? Yea, your knowledge is perteg
in that thing, and your fuith is dormant; and this because you
know; for ye know that the word hath swelled your souls
and ye also kmow that it hath sprouled up, that your undep
standing doth begin to be enlightened, and your mind doth be
gin to expand. © then, is not this real? I say unto you
yea; because it is ight; and whatsoever is light, is good, be.
cause it is discernible ; therefore ye must know that it is good,
And now behold, after ye have tasted this light, is your kuowh
edge perfect? Behold, 1 say unto you, Nay ; neither must ye
lay aside your faith, for ye have only exercised your faith ta
plant the sced, that ye might try the experiment, to know j
thé seed was good. “Ana behold, as the tree beginneth to gron,
ye will say, Let us nourish it with great care, that it may gd
root, that it may grow up and bring forth fruit unio us. Ani
now behold, if ye nourish it with much care, it will get rool,
and grow up, and bring forth fruit, But if ye neglect the tres
and take no thought for its nourishment, behold, it will a
set any root; and when the heat of the sun cometh and score
eth it, and because it hath no voot, it withereth away, and
pluck it up and cast it out. Now this is not because the set
was not good; neither is it hecause the fruit thereof would
not be desirable. But itis because your ground is barren, ail
¥e will not nourish the tree; therefore ye cannot have the fruit
thereof. And thus if ye will not nourish the word, lookia
forward with au cye of fiith to the fruit thereof, ye can never
pluck of the fruit of the tree of Jife. But if ye will nourish
the word, yea, nourish the tree es ii beginneth to grow, ly
your faith, with great diligence, and with patience, looking
forward to the fruit thereof, and it shall take’root; and behold,
it shall be a tree springing up unto everlasting life ;’ and be
cause of your diligence, and your faith, and your patience with
the word, in nourishing it, that it may take root in you, beholll
by and by, ye shall pluck the fruit thereof, which is most pre
cious, which is sweet above all that is sweet, and which ®
white above all that is white; yea, and pure above all that#
pure; and ye stiall feast upon this fruit, even utitil ye are
ed, that ye hunger not, neither shall ye thirst, ‘Then my bref
ren ye shall reap the rewards of your faith, and your oe

 

 

  

 
 

  

 

 
