   

of God? For it is not written that Zenos alone spake of thy
things, but Zenock also spake of these things; for behold, he
saith, hou art angry, O Lord, with this peaple, because they
will ina understand of thy mercies which thou hast boston
upon them, becanse of thy Son. And now my brethren, ye
see that a second prophet of old has testified of the Sono
God; and because the people would not understand his words,
they patorred him to death. -But behold, this is not all; thes
are not the only ones which have spoken concerning the Son
of God. Behold, he was spoken of by Moses; yea, aud be
hold, a type was ‘raised up in the wilderness, that wi hosoem
w ula look upon it might live, And many did look and five,
But few understood the meaning of those things, and this he
cause of the hardness of their hearts. But there were many
which were so hardened that they would not look; therefor
they perished. Now the reason that they would not look, is
because they did not believe that it would heal them. O m
brethren, if ye could be healed by merely casting about your
eyes, that ye migh! be healed, would ye not behold quickly,
or would ye rather harden your hearts in uabelief, and be sloth
iu), that ye would not cast about your cycs, that ye might per
ish? If so, wo shall come upon you; bi: if not so, then cat
about your eyes, and begin to believe in the Son of God, thal
lie will come to redeem his people, and that he shall suffer and.
die to atone for their sins; and that he shall rise again from
the dead, which shall bring to pass the resurrection, that al
men shall stand before him, to-be judged, at the last and judg
ment day, according to their works. And now my brethren, |
desire that ye should plant this word in your hearts, and asit
beginneth to swell, even so nourish it hy your faith. And be
hold, it will become a tree, springing up in you unto everlast
ing life. And then may God grant anto you that your burdem
may be light, through the joy of his Son. And even all thy
can ye do, if ye will, Amen.

And now it came to pass that after Alma had spoken thes
words unto them, he sat down upon the ground, and Anulek
arose and began to teach them, s saying: My brethren, 1 think
that it is impossible that ye should be ignorant of the things
which have been spoken concerning the coming of
is taught by us to be the Son of God; yea, I know: at
things were taught unto you, bountifully, before, your diss
tion from among us. And as ye have desired of
brother, that he should make known urto you whal

 

   
 

  
 
