    
   
 
 
 
     
 
 
  

tience, and bear with those afilictions, with a firm hope thy
ye shall one day rest from all your elilictions,

Now it came to pass that after Amuiek had made an end g
these words, they withdrew themselves from the multitude
and came ever into the land of Jershon; yea, and the rest g
thé brethren, after they had preached the word unto the 2
ramites, also came over into the land ef Jershon.

And it came to pass that after the more popular part of te
Zoramites had consulted together, concerning the words whi
had been preached unto them, they were angry because of tly
word, for it did destroy their craft; therefore they would py
hearken unto the words. And they sent and gathered toga).
er throughout all the land, all the people, and consulted wil
them concerning the words which had been spoken. Noy
their rulers, and their priests, and their teachers, did not ly
the people know concerning their desires; therefore thy
found out privily the minds of all the people. :

And it came to pass that after they had found out the mink
of all the people, those which were in favor of the words whit
had been spoken by Alma and his brethren, were cast out¢
the Jand ; and they were many; and they came over also inh
the land of Jershon.

And it came to pass that Alma and his brethren did ming
ter unto them. Now the people of the Zoramites were aug
with the people of Ammon which were ia Jershon, and te
chief ruler of the Zoramites being a very wicked man, sm
over unto the people of Ammon desiring them that they shall
east out of their land all those which came over from themin
their land. And he breathed out many threatnings again
them. And now the people of Ammon did not fear thet
words, therefore they did not cast them out, buf they didi

' ceive all the poor of the Zoramites that came over unto them
and they did nourish them, and did clothe them, and did git
unto them lands for their inheritance ; and they did adminite
unto them according to their wants. Now this did stiruplt
Zoramites to anger against the people of Ammon, and tht
began to mix with the Lainanites, and to stir them up also
anger against them: and thus the Zoramites and the Lami
ites began to make preparations for war against the peopled

. Ammon, and ulso against the Nephites. And thus end
seventeenth year of the reign of the Judges, over the peopl
of Nephi. \

 

 

 
