And now, Iwill speak unto you concerning those twenty.
four plates, that ye keep them, that the mysteries and the
works of darkness, and their secret works, or the sceret works
of those people, which have been destroyed, may be mate
manifest unto this people ; yea, all their murders, and rohbings
and their plunderings, and all their wickedness, and aboming.
tions, may be made manifest unto this people; yea, and the
ye preserve these directors. For behold, the Lord saw thr
his people began to work in darkness, yea, work secret my.
ders and abominations; therefore the Lord said, If they did
not repent, they should be destroyed from off the face of the
earth. And the Lord said, 1 will prepare unto my servan,
Gazelem, a stone, which shall shine forth in darkness uni
light that T may discover unto my people which serve me
that I may discover unto them the works of their brethren;
yea, their sceret works, their works of ‘darkness, and their
wickedness and abominations. And now my son, these dire
tors were prepared, that the word of God might be fulfilled,
which he spake, saying: I will bring forth out of darknes
unto light, all their secret works and their abominations; ani
except they repent, I will destroy them from off the face of the
earth; and I will bring to light. all their secrets and abomins
tions, unto every nation that shall hereafter possess the land
And now, my son, we see that they did not repent; therefor
they have been destroyed, and thus far the word of God bath
been fulfilled ; yea, their secret abommations have been brought
out of darkness, and made known unto us.

And now my son, | command you that ye retain all ther
oaths, and their covenants, and their agreements in theirsecrt
abominations ; yea, and all their signs and their wonders ye
shall retain from this people, that they know them not, let
peradventure they should {all into darkness also, and be des
troyed. For behold, there is a curse upon all this Tand, th!
destruction shall come upon all those workers of darkness,
according to the power of God, when they are fully ripe;
therefore I desire that this people might not be destroyed—
Therefore, ye shall keep these secret plans of their oaths and
their covenants from this people, and only their wickedness
and their murders, and their abominations, shall ye make known
unto them; and ye shall teach them to abhor such wicked
ness, and abominations, and murders; and ye shall also teach
them, that these people were destroyed on account of theit
wickedness, and abominations, and their murders, For behold,

 

 
