gifin these things. And I command you io take it upon you
eounsel your elder brothers in your undertakings ; for be-
jold, thou art in thy youth, and ye stand in need to be nour-
shed by your brothers. And give heed to their counsel;
afer not yourself to be led away by any vain or foolish
fing; suffer not that the Devil lead away your heart again,
dier those wicked harlots, Behold, O my:son, how great in-
qity ye brought upon the Zoramites: for when they saw
jor conduct, dicy would not believe in my words. And now
feepinit of the Lord doth say unto me, Command thy chil-
jun to do good, lest they lead away the hearts of many peo-
eto destruction: therefore 1 command you, my son, in the
iar of God, that ye refrain from your iniquities ; that ye turn
othe Lord with all your mind, might and strength ; that ye lead
way the hearts of no more, to do wickedly; but rather re-
wn unto them, and acknowledge your faults, and retain that
wong which ye have done; seck not after riches, nor the
ain things of this world ; for behold, you cannot carry them
eh you.

Aad now, my son, I would say somewhat unto you concern.
igthe coming of Christ. Behold, 1 say unto you, that it is
lm that surely shall come, to take away the sins of the
wold; yea, he cometh to declare glad tidings of salvation
glo brs people. And now my son, this was the ministry unto
whieh ye were called, to declare these glad tidimgs unto this
imple, to prepare their minds ; or rather that salvation might
cone unto them, that they may prepare the minds of their
diliren to hear the word at the time of his coming. And
tow J will ease your mind somewhat on this subject. Behold,
ju marvel why these things should be known so long before-
tnd. Behold, I say unto you, fs not a soul at this time as
fecious unto God, as a soul will be at the time of his coming?
Kitnot as necessary that the plan of redemption should be
mde known unto this people, as well as unto their children ?
kitnot as easy at this time, for the Lord to send his angel to
declare these glad tidings unto us, as unto our children; or
efter the time of his coming? Now my son, here is some-
that more I would say unio thee; for I perceive that thy
and is worried concerning the resurrection of the dead.—
Behold, 1 say unto you, that there is no resurrection; or I
fould say, in other: words, that this mortal does not put on

ality ; this corruption does not put en incorruption, un-
er the coming of Christ. Behold, he bringeth to pass

 

 
