 

fice, that God might he a perfect, just God, and a merciful
God, Also, now repentance could not come unto men, ex-
cept there were a punishment, which also was as eternal as the
life of the soul should be, affixed opposite to the plan of hap-
piuess, which was as eternal also as the life of the soul.—
Now, how could a man repent, except he should sin? How
could he sin, if there was no law? How could there be a
law, save there was a punishment? Now there was a punish-
meut affixed, and a just law given, which brought remorse of
conscience unto man. Now if there was no law given, if a
man murdered he should die, would he be afraid he should
die if he should murder? And also, if there was no law given
against sin, men would not be afraid to sin. And if there
was no Jaw given if mén sinned, ‘what could justice do, or
mercy either, for they would« have no claim upon the crea-
ture? But there isa law given, and a punishment affixed, and
repeniance granted ; which repentance, mercy claimeth ; oth-
enwise, justice claimeth the creature, and executeth the law,
and the law inflicteth the punishment; if not so, the works of
justice would be destroyed, and God would cease to be God.
But God ceaseth not to be God, and mercy claimeih the peni-
tent, and mercy cometh because of the atonement; and the
étonement bringeth to pass the resurrection of the dead; and the
resurrection of the dead bringcth back men into the presence
“ofGod; and thus they are restored into his presence, to be
judged according to their works; according to the law and
justice; for behold, justice exerciseth all his demands, and
also merey claimeth all which is ber own; and thus, none
“but the truly penitent are saved. Whal, do ye suppose
that mercy can rob justice? Isay unto you, Nay; not one
whit, Ifso,God ‘would cease to be God. And thus God
bringeth about his great and eternal purposes, which was pre-
pared from the foundation of the world. And thus cometh
“about the salvation and the redemption of men, and also their
destruction and misery; therefore, O my son, whosoever will
scome, may come, and partake of the waters of life freely; and
Whosoever will not come, the same is not compelled to come ;
hut in the Jast day, it shall be restored unto him, according to
his deeds, If he hath desired to do evil, and hath not repent-
édin his days, behold, evil shall be done unto him, according
{0 the restoration of God. And now my son, } desire that ye
should let these things trouble you no more, and only Jet your
‘Smstrouble you, with that trouble which shall bring you down
