 

| jgon the Lamanites, and they cried with one voice unto the
Jord their God, for their liberty, and their freedom from bon-
face. And they began to stand against the Lamanites with
yer; and in that self-same hour that they cried unto the
dord for their freedom, the Lamanites began to flee before
em; and they fled even to the waters of Sidon. Now the
jamanites were more numerous; yea, by more than double
genumber of the Nephites ; nevertheless, they were driven
gsomuch that they were gathered together in one body, in
ie valley, upon the bank, by. the river Sidon; therefore the
mies of Moroni encircled them about; yea, even on both
sive of the river; for behold, on the east, were the men of
jehi; therefore when Zerahemnah saw the men of Lehi on
the east of the river Sidon, and the armies of Moroni on the
nest of the river Sidon, that they were encircled about. by the
Nephites, they were struck with terror. Now Moroni, whem
je saw their terror, he commanded bis men that they shoulé
sop shedding their blood. :
And it came to pass that they did stop, and withdrew a
from them. And- Moroni said unto Zerahemnah, Be-
hold, Zerahemnab, that we do not desire fo be men of blood:
Ye know that ye are in our hands, yet we do not desire to
say you. Behold, we have not come out to hattle against
jou, that we mizht shed your blood, for power; neither do
Fe desire to bring any one to the yoke of bondage. But this
Bthe very cause for which ye have come against us; yea,
ud ye are angry wilh us because of our religion. But now
glichold that the Lord is with us; and ye behold that he
lath delivered you into our hands. And now I would that ye
thould understand that this is done unto us because of our
tigion'and our faith in Christ. And now ye sec that ye
tmiot destroy this our faith. Now ye see that this is the
tte faith of God; yea, ye.see that God will support, and
keep, andpreserve us, so long as we are faitiful unto him,
ad unto our faith, and our religion; and never will the Luré
ser that we shall be destroyed, except we should fall into.
itnsgression, and deny our faith, And now, Zerahemnah,.
Command you, in the name of that all-powerful God, who hath
Strengthened our arms, that we have gained power over you
byour faith, by our religion, and by our rites of worship, and
byour church, and by the.sacred support which we owe to
Our wives and our'childref, by-that liberty which binds us to
‘lands and our country ; vea, and also by the maintenance
