i
al stretched it forth unto them, saying unto them with a loud
ice, saying: Even as this scalp hath fallen to the earth,
ghich is the scalp of your Chief, so shall ye fall to the earth,
acept ye Will deliver up your weapons of war, and depart,
gith acovenant of peace. i .

Now there were many, when they heard these words, and
aw the scalp which was upon the sword, they were struck
sith fear, and many came forth and threw. down their weap-
an of war, at the feet of Moroni, and entered into a covenant
peace. And as many as entered into a covenant, they suf-
fred to depart into the wilderness.

Now it came to pass that Zerahemnah was exceeding wroth,
adhe did stir up the remainder of his soldiers to, anger, to
woteud more powerfully against the Nephites.. And now
Voroni was angry, because of the stubbornness of the: La-
omites; therefore he commanded his people that they should.
all upon them and slay them. And it came to pass that they
ian to slay them ; yea, and the Lamanites did contend with
ir swords and their mights. But behold, their naked skins,
ud their bare heads, were exposed to the sharp swords of
ihe Nephites; yea, behold, they were pierced and smitten;
jeu, and did fall exceeding fast before the swords of the Ne-
jliies; and they began to be swept down, even as the sol-
dir of Moroni had prophesied. Now Zerahemnah, when
hesaw that they were all about to be destroyed, he cried
wehtily unto Moroni, promising that he would covenant, and
ikohis people, with them, if they would spare the remainder
of their lives, that they never would come to war again against
tem, And it came to pass that Moroni cansed that the work
death should cease again among the people. And iteame
pass, that he took the weapons of war from the Lamanites ;
md afier they had entered into.a covenant with him of peace,
hey were sullered to depart into the wilderness. Now the
tumber of their dead were not numbered, because of the great-
és ofthe nuinber; yea, the number of their dead were’ ex-
ceding great, both on the Nepbites, and on the Lamanites.—
4nd it came to pass that they did cast their dead into the wa-
ts of Sidon; and they have gone forth, and are buried in

the depths of the sea, And the armies of the Nephites, or of

oroni, returned, and came to their houses, and their lands. «
4nd thas ended the eighteenth year of the reign of the Judges
over the people of Nephi® And thus ended the record of Al-
] 44 which was wrote upon the plates of Nephi. |

—

ee

 
