of these dissentions, he was angry with Amalickiah.’ <And it,
came to pass that he rent his coat; and he iook a piece there-
af, and wrole upon it, In memory of our God, our religion, and.
jecdom, and our peace, our wives, and our children; and he
fsiened it upon the end of a pole thereof. And he fastened
m his headsplate, and his breast-plate, and his shields, and
grded on bis armour about his loins; and he took the pole,
which had on the end thereof his rent coat, (and be called it
the title of liberty,) and he bowed himsel!’ to the earth, and
he prayed mightily unto bis God for the blessings of liberty
forest upon his prethren so loug as there should a band of
Christians remain to possess the land: for thus were all the
tne believers of Christ, which belonged to the church of God,
called, by those which did not belong to the church; and
those who did belong to the church, were faithful; yea, all
} those who were true believers in Christ, took npon them,
dadly, the name of Christ, or Christians, as they were called,
because of their belief in Christ, which should come; end
therefore. at this time, Moroni prayed that the canse of the
Chrstiens, and the freedom of the land, might be fayored.—~

And it came to pass that when he had poured out his soul
lo God, he gave all the land which was south of the land.
Desolation ; yea, and in fine, all the land, both on the north |
and.on the south, a chosen land, and the land of liberty, —,
And he saith, Surely God shall not suffer that we, who are~
despised because we take upon us the name of Christ, shall
Aetrodden down and destroyed, until we bring it upon us, Ly
or own transgressions. And when Moroni had said these
words, he went forth among the people, waving the rent of his
gament in the air, that allfinight see the writing which he had
wrote upon the rent, and erying with a loud voice, saying:
Behold, whosoever wil) maintain this title upon the land, let
‘hem come forth in the strength of the Lord, and enter into a
covenant (hat they will maintain their rights, and their reli-
gion, that the Lord God may bless them.

And it caine to pass that when Moroni had proclaimed
these words, behold, the people came running together, with
their armours girded about their loins, resding their garments
intoken, or as a covenant, that they would not forsake the.
lord their God; or, in other words, if they should transgress
the commandments of God, or fall into transgression, and be
ashamed io take upon them the name of Christ, the Lord
thould rend them even as they had rent theirgarments. Nov

oe

 

—

 
