had gathered together so great an army for to go against the
Nephiles to battle. But behold, as the king came out to mee,
him, Amalickiah caused that his servants should go forth tg
meet the king. And they went and bowed themselves before
the king, as if to reverence him, because of his greatness —
And it came to pass that the king put forth his hand to raise
them, as was the custom with the Lamanites, and a token of
peace, which custom they had taken from the Nephites. And
it came to pass that when he had raised the first from the
ground, behold, he stabbed the king to ihe heart; and he fell
to the earth. Now the servants of the king fled; and the ser.
vants of Amalickiah raised a cry, saying: Behold, the servants
of the king have stabbed him to the heart, and he has fell, and
they have fied ; behold, come and see.

And it came to pass that Amalickiah commanded that his
armies should march forth, and see what had happened to the
king; and when they had come to the spot, and found the king
lyingin his gore, Amalickiah pretended to be wroth, and said,
Whosoever loved the king, let him go forth and pursue lis
servants, that they may be slain.

And it came to pass that when all they who loved the king,
when they heard these words, came forth and pursued after
the servants of the king. Now when the servants of the king
saw an army pursuing after them, they were frightened agaty,
and fled into the wilderness, and came over into the land of
Zarahemla, and joined the people of Ammon; and the amy
which pursued after them, returned, having pursued after them
in vain: and thus Amatickiah, by his fraud, gained the hearts
of the people. .

And it came to pass on the morrow, he entered the city
Nephi, with his armies, and took possession of the city. And
now it came to pass that the queen, when she had heard that
the king was slain: for Amalickial had sent an embassy to
the queen, informing her that the king had been stain by his
servants; that he had pursued them with his army, but it was
in vain, and they had made their escape: Therefore when the
queen had received this message, she sent unto Amalickizh,
desiring him that he would spare the people of the city; and
she also desired him that he should come in unto her; and
she also desired him that he should bring witnesses with hin,
to testify concerning the death of the king.

And it came to pass that Amalickiah took the same servant
that slew the king, and also they which were with him, ad
