es et ae
was in part re-built, and because the Lamanites had destroyei)
3t once because of the iniguity of the people, they supposed
that it would again become an ersy prey for then. But he:
hold, how. great was their disappomtment; for behold, the
Nephites had dug up aridge of earth round about them, |
which was so high that the Lamanites could not cast ther
stones and their arrows at them, that they might take effect:
neither could they come upon them, save it was by their place
of entrance. Now at this'time, the Chief Captains of the La.
manites were astonished excecdingly, because of the wisdom
ofthe Nephites in preparing their places of security. Now
the leaders of the Lamanites had supposed, because of the
greatness of their numbers; yea, they supposed that they
should be privileged to come upon them as they had hitherio
done; yea, end they had also prepared themselves with shields,
aud with breast-plates ; and they had also prepared themselves
with garments of skins; yea, very thick garments, to cover
their nakedness, And being thus prepared, they supposed
that they should casily overpower and subject their brethren
to the yoke of bondage, or slay and massacre them according
to their pleasure. But behold, to their uttermost astonish.
“ment, they were prepared for them, in a manner which never
had been known among all the children of Lehi. Now they
were prepared for the Lamanites, to battle, after the manner
of the instructions of Moroni. And it came to pass that the
Lamanites, or the Amalickiahites, were exccedingly astonished
at their manner of preparation for war. Now if king Amalick-
iah had come down out of the land of Nephi, at the head of
his army, perhaps he would have caused the Lamanites to have
attacked the Nephites at the city of Ammonihah; for behold,
be did care not for the blood of his people. But behold, Ama-
lickiah did not come down himself, to battle. And behold, his
Chief Captains durst not attack the Nephites at the city of
Ammonibah, for Moroni had altered the management of affairs
among the Nephites, insomuch that the Lamanites were dis-
appointed in their places of retreat, and they could not come
upon them; therefore they retreated into the wilderness, and
took their camp, and marched towards the land of Noah,
supposing that to be the next best place for them to come
against the Nophites ; for they knew not that Moroni had for-
tified or had built forts of security for every city in all the land
round about; therefore they marched forward to the land of -
Noah, witha firm. determination; yea, their Chief Captains

 

ST
