country. And thus Moroni put an end to those king-men, that
there were not any known by the: appellation of king-men;
and thus he put an end to the stubbornness, and the pride of
those people Which professed the blood of nobility; but they
were brought down to humble themselves like unto their breth-
reo, and to fight valiantly for their frecdom from bondage.

Behold, it came to pass that while Moroni was thus break-
ing down the wars and contentions among his own people, and
subjecting them to peace and civilization, and making regula-
ions to prepare for war against the Lamanites, behold, the
Lamanites had come into the land of Moroni, which was in
the borders by the seashore.

And it came to pass that the Nephites were not sufliciently
strong in the city of Moroni; therefore Amalickiah did drive
them, slaying many. And it came to pass that Amalickiah
fook possession of the city; yea, possession of all their fortifi-
citions. And those which fled out of the city of Moroni,
came to the city of Nephihah ; and also the people of the city
of Lehi gathered themsclves together, and made preparations,
aid were ready to receive the Lamanites to battle.

But it came to pass that Amalickiah would not suffer the
Lamanites to go against the city of Nephihah to battle, but
kept them down by the seashore, leaving men in every city
tomaintain and defend it; and thus he went on, taking pos-
xssion of many cities: the cily of Nephihah, and the city of
Lehi, and the city of Morianton, and the city of Omner, and
the city of Gid, and the city of Mulek, all of which were on
the east horders, by the seashore. And thus had the Laman-
ites obtained, by the cunning of Amalickiah, so many citics, by
their numberless hosts, all of which were strongly fortified,
after tte manner of the fortifications of Moroni; all of which
afforded strong‘holds for the Lamanites. :

And if came to pass that they marched to the borders of the

lind Bountiful, driving the Nephites before them, and slaying
many. But it came to pass that they were met. by Teancum,
who had slain Morianton, and had headed his people in his
fight, And itcame to pass that he headed Amalickiah also,
“4 he was marching forth with his numerous army, that he
Iight take possession of the land Bountiful, and also the land
Rorthward. But behold, he met with a disappointment, by
being repulsed by Teancum and his men, for they were great
‘ Warriors; for every man of Teancum did exceed the Laman-
