 

of the Lamanites had discovered Teancum, they ran and told
jt unto Jacob, their leader.

And it came to pass that the armies of the Lamanites did
march forth against Teancum, supposing by their numbers to
overpower Teancum, because of the smailness of his numbers.
And as Teancum saw the armies of the Lamanites coming out
against him, he began to retreat down by the seashore, north-
ward.

‘And it came to pass that when the Lamanites saw that he
began to flee, they took courage and pursued them with vigor.
And while Teancum was thus leading away the Lamanites
which were pursuing them in vain, behold, Moroni comman-
ded that a part of his army which were with him, should march
forth into the city, and take possession of it. And thus they
did, and slew all those who had been left to protect the city;
yea, all those who would not yield up their weapons of war.
And thus Moroni had obtained a possession of the city Mulek,
with a part of his army, while he marched with the remainder
to mect the Lamanites, when they should return from the pur-
suit of Teancum.

And it came to pass that the Lamanites did pursue Teancum
until they came near the city Bountiful, and then they were met ©
by Lehi, and a small army, which had been left to protect the «
city Bountiful. And now behold, when the Chief Captains of :
the Lamanites had beheld Lebi, with his army, coming against
them, they fled in much confusion, lest perhaps they should »
not obtain the city Mulek, before Lehi should overtake them;
for they were wearied because of their march; and the men
of Lebi were fresh, Now the Lamanites did not know that
Moroni had been in their rear with his army; and all they
feared, was Lehi and his men. Now Lehi was not desirous
toovertake them, till they should meet Moroni and his army.
And it came to pass that before the Lamanites had retreated
far, they were surrounded by the Nephites; by the men of Mo-
roni on one hand, and the men of Lehi on the other, all of
whom were fresh and full of strength; but the Lamanites
were wearied, because of theirlong march. And Moroni com-
manded his men that they should fall upon them, until they
had given up their weapons of war.

And it came to pass that Jacob, being their leader, being
also a Zoramite, and having an unconquerable spirit, he led
the Lamanites forth to battle, with exceeding fury against Mo-

~ toni. Moroni being in their course ef march, therefore Jacob
