jut he hath made us'as well as you ; and if it so be that there
sa Devil and a hell, behold, will he. not send you there, to
dwell with my brother, which ye have murdered, which ye
juve hinted that he hath gone to such a place? But behold,
dese things mattereth not. Tam Ammoron, and a descendant
@Zoram, whom your fathers pressed and brought out of Je-
nvlem. And behold, now, Fam a bold Lamanite. Behold
dis war hath been waged, to avenge their wrongs, and to mai
io, and to obtain their rights to the government; and. 1 close
ny epistic to Moroni,

Now it came to pass that when Moroni had received this
isle, he was more angry, because he knew that-Ammoron
jd a perfect knowledge of his fraud; yea, he knew that Aro>
noron knew that it was nota just cause that had caused hive
wage a war against the people of Nephi. And he said, Be-
bold, 1 will not exchange prisoners with Ammoron, save he
rill withdraw his purpose, as I have stated in my epistle ; for
Jwill net grant unto hint that he shall have any more power
fun what he hath got. Behold, I know the place where the
lamanites doth guard my people, which they have taken pris+
mers; and as Ammoron would not grant unto me mine epis-
‘k, behold, I will give unto him according to my words ; yea,
Iwill seek death among them, until they shall suc for peace.
dadnow it came to pass that when Moroni had said these
forls, he caused that a search should be made among bis
en, that perhaps he might find a man which was a descend
‘tof Laman among them. i
And it came to pass that they found one, whose name was
lanan; and he was one of the servants of the king which was
tudered by Amalickiah. Naw Moroni caused that Laman
tla small number of his mon, should go forth unto the guards

ch were over the Nephites. » Now the Nephites were yuar-
lin the city of Gid; therefore’ Moroni caused that Laman
iM smali number of men which was appointed to go with.

 
 

 
 

 

Andit came to pass that when it was evening, Laman went
othe guards which were over the Nephites, and behold, they
him coming, and they hailed him. But he ‘saith unto
Fear not. Behold, ama Lamanite. Behold, we have

ed from the Nephites, and they sleepeth ; and behold, we
took of their wine, and brought with us. Now when the
‘anites heard these words, they received him with joy.—
they said unto him, Give us of your wine, that we may
