wd cast them at the feet of the Nephites, pleading for mer-
g. Now hebold, this was the desire of Moroni. He took
fiem prisoners of war, and took possesion of the city, and
used that all the prisoners should be liberated, which were
Nephites ; and they. did join the army of Moroni, and were
“ggreat strength to his army.

‘Andit came to pass that he did cause the Lamanites which
je had taken prisoners, that they should commence a labor in
suengihening the fortifications round about the city Gid. And
teamé to pass that when he had fortified the city Gid, aceor-
ding to his desires, be caused that his prisoners should be ta-
len to the city Bountiful. And he also guarded that city with
exceeding strong force. And itcame to pass that they did,
winithstanding all the intrigues of the Lamanites, keep and
potect all the prisoners which they had taken, and also main-
itin all the ground and the advantage which they had retaken.
inditcame to pass that the Nephites began again to, be victo-
tous, and to reclaim their rights and their privileges. Many
‘mes did the Lamanites attempt to encircle them about by
mht, but in these attempts they did lose many prisoners.—
dud many times did they atempt to administer of their wine
bthe Nepbites, that they might destroy them with potson or
tihdrunkenness, But behold, the Nephites were not slow to
mmember the Lord their God, in this their times of affliction.
They could not be taken in their snares; yca, they would not
ferlake of their wine; yea, they would not take of wine, save
ey had firstly given to some of the Lamanite prisoners. And
hy were thus cautious, thai no poison should be administer-
among them; for if their wine would poison a Lamanite, it
tould also poison a Nephite; and thus they did try all their
ligors. And now it came. to pass that it was expedient for
Moroni to make preparations to attack the city Morianton.—
For behold, the Lamanites had, by their labors, fortified the
‘tty Morionton until it had become an exceeding strong hold ;
al they were continually bringing new forces into that city,
‘adalso new supplies of provisions. And thus ended the
eae ot ninth year of the reign of the Judges over the people
Nephi.

 
