GHAPTER XXVI.

 
  

Anp now it came to pass in the commencement of the i
ticth ycar of the reign of the Judges, in the second day, on
first inonth, Moroni received an epistle from Helaman,
the affairs of the people in that quarter of the land, 4
these are the words which he wrote, saying: My dearly}
loved brother, Moroni, as well in the Lord as in the ¢i
tions of our warfare; behold, my beloved brother, T
somewhat to tell you concerning our warfare in this partofti
jand. Behold, two thousand of the sons of those 4
which Ammon brought down out of the land of Nephi: Nal
ye have known that these were a descendant of Laman,
was the eldest son of our father Lehi. Now | need nots
hearse unto you concerning their traditions or their unbeb|
for thou knowest concerning all these things; therefore it
poseth me that I tell you that two thousand of these yom
men hath taken their weapons of war, and would that]
be their leader; and we have come forth to defend ovr can)
try. And now ye also know concerning the covenant mlit
their fathers made, that they would not take up their wea
of war against their brethren, to shed blood. But in the
ty and sixth year, when they saw our afilictions and our
lations for them, they were about to breuk the covenant
they had made, and lake up their weapons of war in ourk
fence. But I would not suffer them that they should breakllj
covenant which they had made, supposing that God
streagthen ns, insomuch that we should not suffer more}
cause of the fulfilling the oath which they had taken. Bi
hold, here is one thing in whieh we may have great joy. fe
behold, in the twenty and sixth year, 1 Tlelaman, did marle
the head of these two thousand young men, to the city off
dea, to assist Antipus, whom ye had appointed a leadert®
ike people of that part of the land. And T did join my twolltt
sand sons, (for they are worthy to be called sons,) to the?
my of Antipus; in the which strength Antipns did rejoicet
ceedingly ; for behold, bis army had been reduced by teh
manites hecause of the numerority of their forces having
a vast number of our men; for which cause we have tome)
Nevertheless, we may console ourselves in this pointe™
they have died in te cause of their country and of theirb®
yea, and they are happy. And the Lamanites had alsose™®
ed many prisoners, all of whom are Chief Captains; {oF

     
   
 
    
   
    
   
 
  
   
  
  
 
    
 
    
  

  

 
