yea, that they should be spared, while there w: thousand
of our brethren which were slain. And we dolby ascribe
it fo the miraculous power of God, because of their exceeding
faith in that which they had been taught to believe, that there
was a just God; and whosoever did not doubt, that they
should be preserved by his marvellous power, Now this was
the faith of these of which T hayc spoken ; they are young,
and their minds are firm; and they do put their trust in God
continually.

And now it came to pass that afier we had thus taken care
of our wounded men, and had buried our dead, and also the
dead of the Lamanites, which were many, behold, we did in-
quire of Gid concerning the prisoners which they had started
to go down to the land of Zarahemla with. Now Gid was the
Chief Captain over the band which was appointed to guard
them down to the land. And now, these are the words which
Gid said unto me: Behold, we did start to go down to the land
of Zarahemla, with our prisoners. And it came to pass that
we did meet the spies of our armies, which had been sent out
‘o watch the camp of the Lamanites. And they cried unto us,
saying: Behold, the armics of the Lamanites are a marching
towards the city of Cumeni; and behold, they' will fall upon
them, yea, and will destroy our people.

And it came to pass that our prisoners did hear their cries,
which caused them to take courage ;' and they did rise up in
rebellion against us, And it came to pass because of their
tebellion, we did cause that our swords should come upon
then, And it came to pass that they did, in a body, run upon
our swords, in the which, the greater number of them were
slain; and the remainder of them broke through and fled from
us, And behold, when they had fled, and we could not over-
‘ake them, we took our march with speed towards the city
Cumeni; and behold, we did arrive in time that we might
assist our brethren in preserving the city. And behold, we
are again delivered out of the hands of our enemies. And bles-
sed is thename of our God: for behold, it is he that hath de-
livered us; yea, that hath done this great thing for us.

Now it came to pass that when J, Helaman, had heard these
Words of Gid, I was filled with exceeding joy, because of the
s00dness of God in preserving us, that we might not all per-
ish; yea, and I trust that the souls of them which has been
skein; have entered into the rest of their God.

_ And heliold, now it came to pass that our next object was
