 

hath given us victory over those lands, insomuch that we
have obtained those cities and those lands, which were our
own. Now we do not know the cause that the government
does not grant us more strength; neither do those men
which came up unto us, know why we have not received
qgeater strength. Behold, we do not know but what ye are
successful, and ye have drawn away the forces into that
quarter of the land; if so, we do not desire to murmur. And
ifitis not so, behold, we fear that there is some faction in the
covernment, that they do not send more men to our assistance ;
for we know that they are more numerous than that which
they have sent. But behold, it mattereth not; we trust
God will deliver us, notwithstanding the weakness of our ar-
mies, yea, and deliver us out of the hands of our enemies.—
Behold, this is the twenty and ninth year, in the latter end,
and we are in the possesssomof ourlands ; and the Lamanites
have fled to the land of Nephi. And those sons of the people
of Ammon, of which I have so highly spoken, are with me in
thecity of Manti; and the Lord hath supported them, yea, and
kept them from falling by the sword, insomuch that even one
soul hath not been slain. But behold, they have received ma-
ay wounds ; nevertheless they stand fast in that liberty where-
with God hath made them free ; and they are strict to remem-
ber the Lord their God, from day to day; yea, they do ob-
seve to keep his statutes, and his judgements, and his com-
mandments continually ; and their faith is strong in the proph-
tcies concerning that which is to come. And now my beloved
brother Moroni, that the Lord our God who hath redeemed
asand made us free, may keep you continnally in his pres-
tice; yea, and that he may favor this people, even that ye
may have success in obtaining the possession of all that which
the Lamanites hath taken from us, which was for our support.
4nd now behold, I close mine epistle. Iam Helaman, the
son of Alma,

CHAPTER XXVIl.

Now it came to pass in the thirtieth year of the reign of the

udges over the people of Nephi, after Moroni had received

and had yead Helaman’s epistle, he was exceedingly rejoiced

because of the welfare, yea, the exceeding success which He-
®
