And it came to pass that he wrote again to the governor of
the land, which was Pahoran, and these are the words which
| je wrote, saying, Behold, 1 direct mine epistle to Pahoran, im -
de city of Zarahemla, which is the Chief Judge and the goy-
anor over the land, and also to all those who hath been cho-
wn by this people to govern and manage the affairs of this
yar; for behold, I have somewhat to say unto them by the
yay of condemnation; for behold, ye yoursclycs know that
jebave been appointed to gaiher together men, and arm them
with swords, and with cimeters, and all manner of weapons of.
ma, of every kind, and send forth against the Lamanites, m
whatsoever parts they should come into our land. And now
behold, | say unto you, That myself, and also my men, and
ako Helaman and his men, have suffered exceeding great suf-
fetiogs ; -yea, even hunger, thirst, and fatigue, and all manner -
dfailictions of every kind. But behold, were this all we had
ufered, we would not murmur nor complain; but behold,
geal has been the slaughter among our people; yea, thou-
snds have fallen by the sword, while it might have otheiiwise
len, if ye had rendered unto our armies sufficient strength
ad succor for them. Yea, great has been your neglect to-
wards us. And now behold, we desire to knqw the cause of
this exceeding great neglect; yea, we desire to know the
cause of your thoughiless state. Can you think to sit upon
your (hrones, in a state of thoughtless stupor, while your en-
ties are spreading the work of death around you? Yea,
while they are murdering thousands of your brethren ; yea,
ten they which have looked up to you for protection, yea, —
fave placed you in a situation that ye might have succored.
them; yea, ye might have sent armies unto them, to have
siengthened them, and«have saved thousands of them from
filling by the sword? But behold, this is not all: Ye lave
Witbheld your-provisions fram them, insomuch that many have
fought and bled out their lives because of their great desires
Which they had for the welfare of this people; yea, and this they
hive done, when they were about to perish with hunger, be-
tiuse of your exceeding great negleet towards them. And
Tow, my beloved brethren; for ye had ought to be beloved ;
Yei,and ye had onght fo have stirred yourselves hore diligently
forthe welfare and the freedom of this people: but behold;
Jehave neglected them, insomuclr that the blood of thousands

Shall come upon your heads for vengeance; yea, for known
| ‘to God were all their cries, and all their sulferings. Behold,

—

 
