gil. But behold, there are those who do Joy in your afilic-
fons yea, msomuch that they have risen up in rebellion
wanst me, and also those of my people which are free men 5
we, and those which have risen up, are exceeding numerous.
dnd it is those who have sought to take away the judgement
sat from me, that have heen the cause of this great iniquity ;
forthey have used great flattery ; and they have led away the
earls of many people, which Will be the cause of sore afflic-
fonamong us; they have withheld our provisions, and have
taunted our freemen, that they have not come unto you. And
whold, they have driven me out before them, and Lhaye fled
wthe land of Gideon, with as many men as it were possible
tat Teould get. And behold, I have sent a proclamation
thoughout this part of the land; and behold, they are flocking
bus daily, to their arms, in the defence of their country, and
heir freedom, and to avenge our wrongs, Aud they have
sme unto us, insomuch that those which have rose up in re-
lion egainst us, are set at defiance; yca,insomuch that they
‘fear us, and durst not come out agaist us to hattle. They
lwve gol possession of the land, or tlie city of Zarvahemla;
ley have appointed a king over them, and he hath written
io the king of the Limanites, in the whigh he hath jdined an
line with him; in the which alliance, he hath agreed to
wintain the city of Zarahemla, in the which maintenance, he
‘pposcth will enable the Lamanites to conquer the remuinder
the land, and he shall be placed king over this people, when,
ley shall be conquered under the Lamanites, And now, in
fur epistle, ye hath censured nie;. but it mattereth nol, Fam
Wtangry, but do rejoice in the greatness of your heart. [,
thoran, do not seek for power, save only to retain my judge-
ent seat, that I may preserve the rights and the liberty of my
hople, My soul standeth fast in that liberty, in the which
hath made us free. i
And now behold we will resist wickedness even unto blood-
We would not shed the blood of the Lamanites, if
ley would stay in their own land. We would not shed the
of our brethren, if they would not rise up in rebellion
ail take the sword against us. We would subject ourselves
the yoke of bondage, if it were requisite with the justice of
»orifhe should command us so to do. But behold he
Th not command us that we shall subject ourselves to our
Senies, but that we should put our trast in him, and he will
Nerus, Therefore my beloved brother Moroni, Iet us re-

 
