 

 

his march towards the land of Gideon. And he did raise the
standard of liberty in whatsoever place he did enter, and gain-
ed whatsoever force he could in all his march towards the land
of Gideon.

And it came to pass that thousands did flock unto his stan-
dard, and did take up their swords in the defence of their free=
dom, that they might not come into bondage. And thus when
Moroni had gathered together whatsoever men he could in all
his march, he came to the land of Gideon; and uniting his
forces with that of Pahoran, they became exceeding strong,
even stronger than the men of Pachus, which was the king of
those dissenters which had driven out the freemen out of the
land of Zarahemla, and had taken possession of the land.

And it came to pass that Moroni and Pahoran went down
with their armies into the land of Zarahemla, and went forth
against the city, and did meet the men of Pachus, insomuch
that they did come to battle. And behold, Pachus was slain,
aid his men were taken prisoners; and Pahoran was restored
iobis judgement seat. And the men of Pachus received their
inal, aecording to the law, and also those king-men which had
been taken and cast into prison; and they were executed ac-
cording to the law; yea, those men of Pachus, and those king-
ten, Whosoever would not take up arms in the defence of
their country, bui would fight against it, were put to death.—
And thus it became expedient that this law should be strictly
thserved, far the safety of their country ; yea, and whosoever
was found denying their freedom, was speedily executed ac-
cording tothe luw. And thus ended the thirtieth year of the
rign of the Judges over the people of Nephi: Moroni and Pa-
horan having restored peace to the land of Zarahemla, among
heir own people, having inflicted death upon all those who
Were not true to the cause of freedom.

And it came to pass in the commencement of the thirty and
list year of the veign of the Judges over the people of Nephi,
Moroni immediately caused that provisions should be sent, and
ako an army of six thousand men, should he sent unto Hela-
Man, to assist him in preserving that part of (he land; and he
ako caused that an army of six thousand men, with a sufficient
(lantity of food, should he sent to the armies of Lehj and Te-
acum. And it came to pass that this was done, to fortify the

against the Lamanites.

And it came to pass that Moroni and Palioran, leaving a
Itrge hody of men in the land of Zarahemla, took their march

 

 

 
