with a large body of men towards the land of Nephihah, being
determined to overthrow the Lamanites in that city. ;

And it came to pass that as they were marching towanls
the land, they took a large body of men of the Lamanites, and
slew many of them, and took theirprovisions, and their weg
ons of war, And it came to pass after they had took them,
they caused them to enter into a covenant, that they would wu
more take up their weapons of war against the Nephites. And
when they had entered into this covenant, they sent them
dwell with the people of Ammon ; and they were in number
about four thousand, which had not heen slain.

And it came to pass that when they had sent them away,
they pursued their march towards the land of Nephibah, And
it came to pass that when they had come to the city Nephibah
they did pitch their tents in the plas of Nephihah, which is
near the city Nephihah. Now Moroni was desirous that the
Lamanites should come out to battle against them, upon tle
plains; but the Lamanites knowing of their exceeding great
courage, and beholding the greatness of their numbers, ther:
fore they durst not come out against them; therefore they did
not come io battle in that day. And when the night came,
Moroni went forth in the darkness of the night, and came upo
the top of the wall to spy out in what part of the city the Le
manites did camp with their army.

And it came to pass that they were on the east, by the en
tranee; and they were all asicep, And now Moroni retumel
to his army, and caused that they should prepare in liste
strong cords and ladders, to be let down from the top of the
wall into the inner part of the wall. :

And it came to pass thet Moroni caused that his men shoull
march forth and come upon the top of tie wall, and let them
selves down*into that part of the city, yea, even on the west
where the Lamanites did not camp with their armies. ,

And it came to pass that they were all tet down into the cilf
by night, by the means of their strong cords and their Jaddem
thus when the morning came, they were all within the walk
of the city. And now when the Lamanites awoke, and silt
that the armies of Moroni were within the walls, they wet
affrighted exceedingly, insomuch that they did flee out by tlt
pass, And now when Moroni saw that they were fleeing he
fore him, he did cause that his men should march forth agai"!
txem, and slew many, and surrounded many others and &
tiem prisoners; and the remainder of them fled into the Ja

 

 
