wives and thejr children, departed out of the land of Zam.
hemla, into the Iand which was northward. ‘

And it came to pass that Hagoth, he being an —
rious man, thercforé he went forth and built him an exceeding
large ship, on the borders of the land Bountiful, by the lan}
Desolation, and launched it forth into the West Sca, by th
narrow neck which led into the land northward. And behold,
there were many of the Nephites which did enter therein, aug
did sail forth with much provisions, and also many womye
and children; and they took their course northward, Ani
thus ended the thirty and seventh year. And in the thirty and
cighth year, this man built other ships. And the first ship did
also return, and many more people did enter into it; and thes
also took much provisions, and set out again to the lid
northward.

And it came to pass that they were never heard of more—
And we suppose that they were drowned up in the depths af
the sea. And it came to pass that one other ship also did sal
forth; and whither she did go, we know not. And if came
to pass that in this year, there were many people which went
forth into the land northward. And thus ended the thirty and
eighth year.

And it came to pass in the thirty and ninth year of the reign
of the Judges, Shiblon died also, and Corianton had gov
forth to the land northward, in a ship, to carry forth provie
ions unto the people which had gone forth into that lent;
therefore it became expedient for Shiblon to confer those
cred things, before his death, upon the son of Helaman, who
was called [elaman, being called after the name of his father
Now behold, ail those engravings which were in the possess
of Helaman, were written and sent forth among the chili
of men throughout all the land, save it were those parts which
lad been commanded by Alma should not go forth. | Never
theless these things were to be kept sacred, and handed dom
from one generation to another; therefore, in this year, the
had been conferred upon Helaman, before the death of Shil
lon. And it eame to pass also in this year, that there wet
some dissenters which had gone forth unto the Lamanites; aml
they were stirred up again to anger against the Nephites. Aol
also in this same year, they came down with a numerous anf
to war against the people of Moronihah, or against the art
of Moronibah, in the which they were beaten, and driven
again to their own lands, suffering great loss, And thus ent!

 
