tlso Kishkumen, that if they would place him in the judge-
ment seat, he would grant unto those which belonged to his
tand that they should be placed in power and authority among
the people; therefore Kishkumen sought to destroy Hela-
an 5

And it came to pass as he went orth towards the judge-
ment seat, to destroy [elaman, behold one of the servants of
Helaman, having been out by night, and having obtained,
through disguise, a knowledge of those plans which had been
laid by this band to destroy Helaman. And it came to pass
that he met Kishkumen, and he gave unto him a sign; there-
fore Kishkumen made known unto him the object of his desire,
desiring that he would conduct him to the judgement seat,
that he might murder Helaman: And ‘it came to pass that
when the servant of Helaman had known all the’ heart of
Kistkumen, and how that it was his object to murder, and al-
sihat it was the object of all those which belonged to his band,
murder, and to rob, and to gain power, (and this was their
secret plan, and their combination,) the servant of Telaman
sith unto Kishkumen, Let us go forth unto the judgement seat.
Now this did please Kishkumen exceedingly, for he did sup-
poe that he should accomplish his design; but behold, the
wrvant of Helaman, as they were going forth unto the judge-
ment seat, did stab Kishkumen, even to the heart, that he fell
deat without a groan. And he ran and told Helaman all the
things which he had seen, and heard, and done.

And it came to pass that Helaman did send forth to take this
land of robbers and secret murderers, that they might be
tkeeuted according to the law. But behold, when Gadianton
tad found that Kishkumen did not return, he feared lest that
he should be destroyed ; therefore he caused that his band
should follow him. "And they took their flight out of the land,
by a secret way, into the wilderness; and thus when Hela-
lm sent forth fo take them, they could no where be found.—

more of this Gadianton shall be spoken hereafter. And
tlus ended the forty and second year of the reign of the judg-
®over the people of Nephi. And behold, in the end of this
book, ye shall see that this Gadianton did prove the overthrow,
i almost the entire destruction of the people of Nephi—
old I do not mean the end of the Book of Helaman, but I
the end of the Book of Nephi, from which I have taken
jet account which I have written. . >

 
