» And it came to pass that Nephi and Lehi did stand forth,
and began to speak unto them, saying: Fear not, for behold,
it is God that hath shewn unto you this marvelous thing, im
thé which is shewn unto you, that ye cannot Jay your hands
onus toslay us. And behold, when they had said these words,
the earth shook exceedingly, and the walls of the prison did

. shake, as if they were about to tumble fo the carth; but be
hold, they did not fall. And behold, they that were in the
prison, were Lamanites, and Nephites which were dissenters.
And it came to pass that: they were overshadowed with a
cloud of darkness, and an awful, solemn fear came upon them,
And it came to pass that there came: a voice, as if it were
above the cloud of darkness, saying, Repent yc, repent ye, and
seek no more to destroy my servants which [have sent unto
you to declare good tidings.

And it came to pass when they heard this voice, and beheld
that it was not a voice of thunder; neither was it a voice of
a great tumultuous noise ; but behold, it was a still voice, of
perfect mildness, as if it had beeu a whisper, and it did pierce
even to the very soul. And notwithstanding the mildness of
the voice, behold, the earth shook exceedingly, and the walls
of the prison trembled again, as if it were about to tumble to
the earth; and behold, the cloud of darkness which had over-
shadowed them, did not disperse. And behold, the voice came
again, saying: Repent ye, repent ye, forthe kingdom of Heaven
is at hand; and seek no more,to destroy my servants. ° And
it came to pass that the earth shook again, and the walls tret
bled; and also again the third time the voice came, and did

peak unto them marvellous words, which carmot be uttered

& man; and the walls did tremble again, and the earth shook

as if it were about to divide asunder, .

‘Aud it came to pass that the T.amanites could not flee, be
cause of the cloud of darkness which did overshadow them;
yea, andydlso they were immovable, hecause of the fear which
did come upon them. Now there was one among them who
was a Nephite by birth, who had once belonged to the ehutch
of God, but had dissented: from them, And it came to pass
that he tarned ‘him about, and behold, he say through the

® cloud of darkness the faces of Nephi and Lehi; and behold,
they did shine exceedingly, even as the face of angels. And
he beheld ihat they did lift their eyes to Heaven; and they
were in the attitude as if talking erlifting their voices to some
being which they beheld. F
