 

 

And if came to pass that this man did cry unfo the multi-
tude, (hat they might turn and look. And beheld, there was
power given unto them, that they did turn and look; and they
did behold the faces ot Nephi and Lehi. And they said unto
the man, Behold, what doth all these things mean? and who is
it with whom these men do converse? Now the man’s name
was Aminadab. And Aminadab saith unto them, They do
converse with the angels of God. And it came to pass that
the Lamanites said) unto him; What shallwe do, that this
cloud of darkness may be removed from overshadowing us?
Aud Aminadah saith unto them, You must repeut, and cry unto
the yoice, even until ye shall have faith in Christ, which was
taught unto you by Alma, and Aninlek, and by Zeezrom; and
when ye shall do this, the cloud of darkness shall be remoyed
from overshadowing you.

And it came to pass that they all did begin to cry unto the
voice of him which had shook the carih; yea, they did ery
even until the cloud of darkness was dispersed. And it came
topass that when they cast their eyes about, and saw that the
cloud of darkness was dispersed from overshadowing them,
and behold, they saw that they were encircled about, yea, eve-
zy soul, by a pillar of fire. And Nephi and Lehiwas in the
midst of them; yea, they were encircled about; yea, they were
as if'in the midst of a flaming fire, yet it did harm them not,
neither did it take hold upon the walls of the prison; and they
were filled with that joy which is unspeakable and full of
glory. And behold, the Holy Spirit of God did come down
trom Heaven, and did enter into their hearts, and they were
filled as if with fire; and they could speak forth marvello
words, :

And it came to pass that there came a voice unto them, yea, —
pleasant voice, as if it were a whisper, saying, Peace, peace
be unto you, because of your faith in my well beloved, which
‘was from the foundation of the world. And now when they
‘heard this, they cast up their eyes as if to behold from whence
the voice came; and behold, they saw the heavens open; and
angels came down out of heaven, and ministered unto them.—
And there were about three hundred souls which saw and
heard-these things; and they were bid to go forth and marvel
hot, neither should they doubt. And it-came to pass that they
4id go forth; and did. minister unto the people, declaring
throughout all the regions round about, all-the things which
‘they had heard and seen, insomuch that the more part of the

 

 
