qwe joyed with him in’ the promised Jind; then were ‘bis
pople exsy to be-enweated, firm to keep the commandments
(God, and slow to be led to do iniquity; and they were
wick to hearken unto the words of the Lord; yea, if my days
muld have been in them days, then would my soul have had
prin the rightcousness of my brethren. .But behold, I am
wnsigued that these are my days, and that my soul shall be
filed with sorrow, because of this the wickedness of my breth-
yo, And behold; now it came to pass that it was upon a
wwer, which was in the garden of Nephi, which was by the
highway which led to the chief market, which was in the city
d Zarahemla; therefore, Nephi, had bowed himself upon
te tower which was in his garden, whieh tower was also near
ito the garden gate which led by the higway.

And it came to pass that there was certain men passing by,
ind saw Nephi as he was pouring out his soul unto God: up-
mthe tower, and they ran and told the people what they hud
wen; and the people camé together in multitudes that they
tight know-the cause of so great mourning for the wicked-
wsof the people. And now when Nephi arose he beheld
femultitudes of people which had gathered together. And
keame to pass that he opened his mouth and said unto them,
Bol, why have ye gathered yourselves together? That E
wytell you of your iniquities? Yea, because | have got up-
| © ny tower, that F might pour out my soul unto my God, be-
aust of the exceeding sorrow of iny heart, which is because
Hjour iniquities? And because of my mourning and lamen-
‘dion, ye have gathered yourselves together, and do marvel ;-
Jand ye have great need to marvel; yea, ye had ought to
tuvel, because ye are given away, that the Devil hath got so
mathold upon your hearts; yea, how could ye have given
my to the enticing of him who art seeking to hart away
jair souls down to everlasting misery and’ endless wo? O
Ment-ye, repent yo! why will yedie? Turnye, turn ye, un-
Othe Lord your God. Why hath he forsaken you? | ft ig

se you have hardened your hearts; yea, ye. willsaot
tuken unto the voice of the good shepherd; yea, ye have:
Mwoked him to anger against you. And behold, instead ol
jabering you, ‘except ye will repent, behold he shall seatter
Jouforth that ye shall become meat for dogs and wild beasts,

hew could you have forgotten your God in the very day
athe hath delivered you? But behold, it is to get gain, to

‘taised ofmen; yea, and that ye might get gold and silver,

 
