       

And ye have set.your hearts upon the riches andthe;
things of this world, for the which ye do murder, and plu
and steal, and bear false witness against your neighhor,
do all manner-of iniquity ; and for this cause wo shall com
unto you except ye shall repent. For if ye will not n

behold this great city, and also all those great cittics whi
are round about, which are iv the land of our possession,

be taken away, that vo shall have no place-in them:

behold, the Lord will not grant unto you strength, as he

hitherto doue, te withstand egainst your enemies. Vor
hold, thus saith the Lord: 1 will not shew unto the wid]
of my strength, to one more than the other, save it bem
those whe repenteth of their sins, and hearken unto my wonk
now therefore | would that ye should behold, my bretm
that ii shall be better for the Lamanites than for you, exept
ye shall repent ; for bebold they are more righteous than yor’
for they have not sinned against that great knowledge whi)
ye have received; iherefore the Lord will be mereilil uh
them; yea, he will lengthen out their days and_ increase tle
seed, even when thou shalt he utterly destroyed, except the
shalt repent; yea, wo be unto you because of that great de
mination which hath come among you; and ye have anil
yourselves unto it, yea, to that secret band which was est
lished by Gadianion; yea, wo shall come unto you became
hat pride which ye have suffered to enter your hearts, wit
heth lifled you up beyond that which is good because of ya
exceeding great mches ; yea, wo be unto you because of yar
wickedness and abominations. And except ye repent, yee
perish; yea, even your Jands shail be taken from you, and ¥
shall be destroyed from off the face of the earth. _Beholdmt
Ido not say that these things shall be, of myself, becauseit?
not of myself that ] know these things; but behold, | iw
that these -things are true, because the Lord God lal
made them known unto me; therefore I testify thot

 

 

 

 

    

shall be. Ree
And now it came io pass that when Nephi had said the’
words, behold there were men which were Judges, which
belonged to the secret band of Gadianton, and they were ane)
and. they cried out against him, saying unto the pel
why do ye not seize upon this man and bring him forth!
he may be condemned according to the crime which hel
done? Why seest thou this man, and hearest him
against this people, and against our law? -For behold, M
