with them one by one, insomuch that they did confound them.
Nevertheless, they causcd that Nephi should be taken and
bound and brought before the multitude, and they began to
question him in divers ways, that they might cross him, that
they might accuse him to death ; saying unto him, Thou art
confederate ; who is this man that hath done this murder?
Now tell us, and acknowledge thy fault, saying, Behold here is
money ; and also we will grant unto thee thy life if thou wilt
tell us and acknowledge the agreement which thou hast made
with him. But Nephi saith unto them, O ye fools, ye uncir-
| cumsised of heart, ye blind, and ye stitf-necked people, do ye
know how long the Lord your God. will suffer you that ye
shall go on in this your ways of sin? O ye had ought to be-
ein to howl and mourn, because of the great destruction at this
time whieh doth await you, except ye shall repent. Behold,
yesay that I have agreed with a man, that he should murder
Seezoram, our Chief Judge. But behold, I say unto you,
ihat this is: because I have testified unto you, that ye might
know concerning this thing; yea, even for a witness unto you,
that I did know of the wickedness and abominations which is
among you. And beeause | have done this, ye say that | have
ssreed with a man that he should do this thing; yea, because
Ishewed unto you this sign, ye aré angry with me, and seek
fodestroy my life. And now behold, 1 will shew umto you
mother sign, and see if ye will in this thing seek to destroy
me, Bebold I say unto you, Go to the house of Seantum,
which is the brother of Seezoram, and say unto him, Hath
Nephi, the pretended prophet, which doth prophesy so much
til concerning this people, agreed with thee, in the which ye
tave murdered Seezoram, which is your- brother? And be-
told, he shall say unto you, Nay. And yc shall say unto him,
Hive ye murdered your brother? And he shall stand with :
tear, and wist not what to say, And behold, he shall deny
sto you; and he shall make as if he were astonished ; nevyer-
theless, he shall declare unto you that he is innocent. But
behold, ye.shall examine him, and ye shall find blood upon the
skirtsof his cloak, And when ye have seen this, ye shall say,
From whence cometh this blood? Do we not know that it 1s
the blood of your brother? And then shall he tremble, and
Mall look pale, even as if death had come upon him. And
then shall ye say, Because of this fear and this paleness which
tath come upon your face, behold, we know that thou art
Suit, And then shall greater fear come upon him; and then

 
