did belong to the church; and they did have exceeding great
peace in the land, And thus ended the seventy and seventh
year, And also they had peace in the seventy and eighth year,
save it were a few contentions concerning the points of doc.
trine which had been laid down by the prophets. And in the
seventy and ninth year, there began to be much strife. But
it came to pass that Nephi and Lehi, and many of their breth.
ren, which knew concerning the true points of doctrine, having
many revelations daily, therefore they did preach unto the
people, insomuch that they did put an end to their strife in
that same year.

And it came to pass that in the eightieth year of the reign of
the Judges over the people of Nephi, there were a certain num
her of the dissenters from the people of Nephi, which had
some years before gone over unto the Lamanites, and 1ook
upon themselves the name of Lamanites; and also, a tertain
number which were veal descendants of the Lamanites, being
stirred up to anger by them, or by those dissenters, therefore
they commenced a war with theiy brethren. And they did
commit murder and plunder; and then they would retreat
back into the mountains, and into the wilderness and secret
places, hiding themselves that they could not be discovered,
receiving daily an addition to their numbers, inasmuch as there
were dissenters that went forth unto them; and thus in time,
yea, even in the space of not many years, they became an ex-
ceeding great band of robbers; and they did search out all the
secret plans of Gadianton; and thus they became robbers of
Gadianton. Now behold, these robbers did make great havoo,
yea, even great destruction among the people of Nephi, and
also suniong the people of the Lamanites.

And it came to pass that it was expedient that there should
be a stop put to this work of destruction; therefore they sent.
an army of strong men into the wilderness, and upon the moun-
tains, 10 search out this band of robbers, and to destroy them.
But behold, it came to pass that in that same year, they were
driven back even into their own lands. And thus ended the
eri year of the reign of the Judges over the people of

ephi.

And it cathe to pass in the commencement of the eighty and
first year, they did go forth again against this band of robbers,
and did destroy many; and they were also visited with much
destruction ; and they were again obliged to return out of the
wildemess, and out of ‘the mountains, unto their own Jands,
