vain things of the world; yea, how quick to be lifted up in
pride; yea, how quick to boast, and do all manner of that
which is. iniquity ; and how slow are they to remember the
Lord their God, and to give ear unto his counsels; yea, how
slow to walk in wisdom’s paths! Behold, they do not desize
that the Lord their God, who hath created them, should rule
and reign over them, notwithstanding his great goodness and
his mercy towards them; they do set at nought his counsels
and they will not that he should be their guide. O how ereat
is the nothingness of the children of men; yea, even they are
less than the dust of the earth. For behold, the dust of the
earth moveth hither and thither, to the dividing asunder, at
the commund of our great and everlasting God; yea, behold,
at his voice doth the hills and the mountains tremble ant
quake ; and by the power of his voice, they are broken up
and become smooth, yea, even like untoa valley; yea, by the
power of his voice, doth the whole earth shake; yea, by the
power of his voice, doth the foundations rock, even to the
very centre; yea, and if he saith unto the earth, Move, and it |
is moved ; yea, if he saith unto the earth, Thou shalt go back, |
that it lengthen out the day for many hours, and it is done;
and thus according to his word, the earth goeth back, and it),
appeareth unto man that the sun standcth still; yea, and be

hold,.this is so: for sure it is the earth that moveth, and not

the sun. And behold, also, if he saith unto the waters of the

great deep, Be thou dried up, and itis done. Behold, if be

saith unto this mountain, Be thou raised up, and come over

and fall upon that city, that it be buried up, and behold itis

done. And behold, if a man hideth up a treasure in the earth,

and the Lord shall say, Let it be accursed, because of the im

quity:of him that hath hid it up, behold, it shall be accursed;

andaf the Lord shall say, Be thou accursed, that no man shell

find thee from this time henceforth and forever, and behold,

no man getteth it henceforth and forever. And behold, if the
Lord shall say unto a man, Because of thine iniquities thou
shalt be accursed forever, and it shall be done. And if the
Lord shall say, Because of thine iniquities, thou shalt be cul
off from my presence, and he will cause that it shall be so.—
And wo unto whom he shall say this, for it shall be unto bit
that will do iniquity, and he. cannot be saved ; therefore, for
this cause, that men might be saved, hath repentance been de
clared. Therefore, blessed are they who will repent, end
hearken unto the voice of the Lord their God; for these 0%

 
