ON

sliex are great. O Lord, canst thou not turn away thine an-
erfiom us? And this shall be your language in them days.
jut bebold, your days of probation is past; ye have procras-
fnated the day of your salvation, until it is everlastingly too
ie, and your destruction is made sure; yea, for ye have
sought all ihe days of your lives for that which ye could not
sbiain; and ye have sought for happiness in doing iniquity,
which thing is contrary to the nature of that righteousness
which is in our great and Eternal Head. 0 ye people of the
hand, that ye would hear my Words. And J pray that the an-
rofthe Lord be turned away from you, and that ye would
pent and he saved.

And now it came to pass that Samuel, the Lamanite, did
prophesy a great many more things which cannot be written.
And behold, he saith unto them, Behold, I give unto you a
fa: for five'years more cometh, and behold, then cometh
fheson of God to redeem all those who shall believe on his
mme. And behold, this will l give unto you fora sign at the
{ime of his coming ; for behold, there shall be great fights in
Ieaven, insomuch that in the night before he cometh, there
Shall be no darkness, insomuch that it shall appear unto man
sifit was day; therefore there shull be one day and a night,
anda day, as if it were one day, and there were no night ; and
his shall be unto you for a sign; for ye shall know of the ri-
sngof the sun, and also of its setting; therefore they shall
know of a surety that there shall be two days and a night;
nevertheless the night shall not be darkened ; and it shall be
the night before he is born. And behold there shall a new
alan arise, such an one as ye never have beheld ; and: this al-
shall be a sign unto you. And behold this is not all: there
Shall be many signs and wonders.in Heaven. And it shall

cone to pass that ye shall all be amazed, and wonder, inso-
“much that yo shall fall tothe earth. And it shall come to pass
that whosaever shall helicve on the Son of God, the same
shell have everlasting life. And behold, thus hath the Lord
comtanded me, by his ange}, that I should come and tell this
thing unfo you; yea, he hath commanded that f should prophe~
‘y these things unto you; yea, he hath said unto me, Cry unto
{his people, repent and prepare the way of the Lord. And
tow because Yam a Lamanite, and hath spoken unto you the
Words which the Lord hath commanded me, and because it
Was hard agaigst you, ye are angry withme, and dg seck to
destroy me, ang have cast me out from among you. ‘And ye,

 

 

   
  
