Nephi, except they shall repent when they shall sce all those
signs and wonders which shall be showed unto them; for be.
hold, they have been a chosen people ot the Lord; yea, ite
people of Nephi hath he loved, and also hath he chastened
them; yea, in the days of their iniquities hath he chastened
them, because he loveth :them. But behold my brethren, the
Lamanites hath he hated, because their deeds have been eri]
continually-; and this because of the iniquity of the tradition of
their fathers. But behold, salvation hath come unto them,
through the preaching of the Nephites; and for this inten:
hath the Lord prolonged their days. And I would that ye
should behold that the more part of them are in the pathol
their duty, and they do walk circumspectly before God, aul
they do observe to kecp his commandments, and his statutes
and his judgements, according to the law of Moses. Yea!
say unto you, that the mere part of them are doing this, and
they are striving, with unwearied diligence, that. they may
bring the remainder of their brethren to the knowledge of the
truth; therefore there are many which do add to their nim
bers daily. And behold ye do know of yourselves, for ye
have witnessed it, that as many of them as are brought to the
knowledge of the truth, and to know of the wicked and abo-
minabie traditions of their fathers, and ate lead to believe the
Holy Scriptures, yea, the prophecies of the boly prophels
which are written, which leadeth then to faith on the Lor,
and unto repentance, which faith and repentance bringeth «
change of heart unto them ; therefore as many as have come
to this, ye know of yourselve, are firm and steadfast in tle
faith, and in the thing wherewith they have been made free—
And ye know also that they have buried their weapons
war, and they fear to take them up, lest by any means they
shall sin; yea, ye can see that they fear to sin; for behalf
they will suffer themselves that they he trodden down ant
slain by their enemies, and will not lift their swords agails
them; and this beeause of their faith in Christ... And nom
because of their steadfastness when they do believe in thai
thing which they do believe; for because of their firmnes
when they are once enlightened, behold the Lord shall bles
them and prolong their days, notwithstanding their iniquil:
yea, even if they should dwindle in unbelief, the Lord 3

prolong their days until the time shall come which hath bet
spoken of by our fathers, and also by the prophet Zenos,

many. other prophets, concerning the restoration of our b

 
