of things which must shortly come, that they might know and
remember at the time of their coming, that they had been made
‘known unto them beforehand, to the intent that they might
believe; therefore as many as believed on the words of Sam
* uel, went forth unto him to be baptized, for they came repent.
ing and confessing their sins, But the more part of them dil
not believe in the words of Samuel; therefore when they saw
that they could not hit him with their stones and their arrows,
they cried out unto their captains. saying, Take this fellow and
bind him, for behold, he hath a Devil; and because of the
power of the Devil which is in him, we cannot hit him with
our stones and our arrows; therefore take him and bind him,
and away with him. And as they went forth to lay their hands
on him, behold, he did cast himself down from the wall, ani
did flee out of their lands, yea, even unto his own couniry,
and began {o preach and to prophesy among his own peo
ple. And behold, he was never heard of more among the Ne
phites ; and thus were the affairs of the people. And thus
ended the eighty and sixth year of the reign of the Judges over
the people of Nephi. And thus ended, also, the eighty and
seventh year of the reign of the Judges, the more part of the
people remaining in their pride and wickedness, and the lesser
part walking more circumspectly before God, And these wer
the conditions also, in the eighty and eighth year of the reig
of the Judges. And there were but little alteration in the al
fairs of the people, save it were the people began to be more
“hardened in iniquity, and do more and more of that which was
"contrary to the commandments of God, in the eighty and ninth
year of the reign of the Judges.

But it came to pass in the ninetieth year of the reign of the
Judges, there were great signs given unto the people, and wor
ders; and the words of the prophets began to be fulfilled; and
angels did appear unto men, wise men, and did declare unto
them glad tidings of great joy; thus in this year the Scriptures
began to be fulfilled. Nevertheless, the people began to har
den their hearts, all save it were the most believing part af
them, both of the Nephites, and also of the Lamanites, and |
began to depend upon their own strength, and upon their om |
wisdom, saying: Some things they may have guessed right
among so many; but behold, we know that all these great aul!
marvellous works cannot come to pass, of which bath bea
spoken. And they began to reason and to contend among
themselves, saying, That it is not reasonable that such a beim

 

 
