the land of Zarahemla, and could no where be found in all
the land. r

And it came to pass that the people did still remain m wick.
edness, notwithstanding the much preaching and prophesying
which was sent among then: ; and thus passed away the tenth
year also; and the cleventh year also passed away In iniquity,
‘And it came to pass in the thirteenth year, there began to he
qwars and contentions throughout all the land: for the Gadian.
ton robbers had hecomie so numerous, and did slay so manyol
the people, and did lay waste so many cities, and did spread
so much death and carnage throughout the land, that it became
expedient that all the people, both the Nephites and the La
manites, should take up arms against them; therefore all the
Lamanites which had become convericd unto the Lord, did
unite with their brethren, the Nephites, and were compelled,
for the safety of their lives, and their women and thicir chil
dren, to take up arms against those Gudianton robbers; yea,
and also to maintain the rights, and their privileges of their
church, and of their worship, and their freedom, and their hi-
erty. And it came to pass that before this thirteenth year had
passed away, the Nephites were threatened with utter des
truction, because of this war, which had become ‘exceeiing
sore. And it came to pass’ that those Lamanites which hud
united with the Nephites, were numbered among the Nephites;
and their curse was taken from them, and their skin became
white like unto the Nephites; and their young men and thei
daughters became exceeding fair, aud they were numbered

among the Nephites, and were called Nephites. And thuset |

ded the thirteenth year.
And it came to pass in the commencement of the fourteenth
year, the war between the robbers and the people of Nephi

did continue, and did become exceeding sore; nevertheless

the people of Nephi did gain some advantage of the robherm,
insomuch that they did drive them back out of their lands intt
the mountains, and into their secret places. And thus endet
the fourteenth year. And in the fifteenth year they did come
forth again against the people of ‘Nephi; and because of ft
wickedness of the people of Neplii, and theirmany contentiom

|

 

and dissensions, the Gadianton robbers did gain many adval

tages over them. And thus ended the fifteenth year; and thus
were the people in a state of many afilictions; and the sw

of destruction did: hang over them, insomuch that they we
ahout to be smitten dovn byit, and this because of their inigul!
