to be good; and they are of ancient date, and they have ber |
handed down unto us. And I write this epistle unto you, Le
choneus, and I hope that ye will deliver up your Jands, an]
your possessions, without the shedding of blood, that this ny
people may recover their rights aud government which hare
disseuted away from you, because of your wickedness inte
taining from them their rights of government; and except je
do this, 1 will avenge their wrongs. 1 am Giddianhi.

And now it came to pass when Lachoneus received this
epistle, he was exceedingly astonished, because of the holt
ness of Giddianhi, demanding the possession of the land oj
the Nephites, and also of threatening the people, and avenging
the wrongs of those that had received no wrong, save it were.
they had wronged themselves, by dissenting away unto thow
wicked and abominable robbers. Now behold, this Lachone
us, the Governor, was a just man, and could not be frightenel
by the demands and the threatenings of a robber; therefore he
did not hearken to the epistle of Giddianhi, the Governord
the robbers, but he did cause that his people should ery uta
the Lord for strength against the time that the robbers should
come down against them; yea, he sent a proclamation among
all the people, that they should gather together their womel,
and. their children, their flocks and their herds, and all thet
substance, save it were their land, unto one place. Andhe
caused that fortifications should be built round about thes |
and the strength thereof should be exceeding great. And lt
caused that there should be armies, both of the Nephites atl
of the Lamanites, or of all them which were numbered a
the Nephites, should be placed as guards round about, to wal
them, and to guard them from the robbers, day and nighl)
yea, he said unto them, As the Lord liveth, except ye repetl
of all your iniqnities, and cry unto the Lord, that they would
inno wise be delivered out of the hands of those Gadianlat
robhers. And so great and marvellous were the words and
prophecies of Lachoneus, that they did cause fear fo com
upon all the people, and they did exert themselves in thet
might, to do according to the words of Lachoneus.

And it came to pass that Lachoneus did appoint Chief Cap
~ tains over all the armies of the Nephites, to command them®
the time, that the robbers should come down out of thew }
derness against them, Now the chiefest among all the Cap
tains, and the great Commander of all the armies of the
phites, was appointed, and his name was Gidgiddoni. Not

 
