years ; but behold there are records which do contain alll the
proceedings of this people ; and a more short but a trueg.
count was given by Nephi; therefore 1 have made my recor
of these things according to the record of Nephi, which wen
engraven on the plates which were called the plates of Nephi,
And behold I do make the record on plates which I have mut
with mine own hands. And behold, Tam called Mormm
heing called after the Jand of Mormon, ihe land in the whid
Alma did establish the church among the people; yea, te
first church which was established among them after tha
transgression, Bebold Tam a disciple of Jesus Christ, i
Son of Ged. have been called of him to declare his wort
among his people, that they might have everlasting life. Ani
jt hath become expedient that I, aceording to the will of Gol
that the prayers of those which have gone hence, which wer
the holy ones, should be fulfilled according to their fai
should make a rcvord of these things which have been doi
yea, a small record of that which hath taken place from te
time that Lehi left Jerusalem, even down until the pres!
time; therefore 1 do make my record from the accouilt
which hath been given by those which were before me, tl
the commencement of my day; and then I do make a recat
of the things which I have seen with mine own eyes. Anil
know the record which I make to be a just and a true recor
neverthelers there are many things which, according fet
language, we are not able to write. And now I make aa eal
of my -aying which is of myself, and.proceed to give my#
count of the things which hath been before me. Tam Mor
mon, and a pure descendantof Lehi. Ihave reason to bles
my God and my Saviour Jesus Christ, that he brought our
thers out of the land of Jernsalem, (and no one knew its
it were himself and those which he brought out of that land,
and that he hath given me and my people so much knowlellt
unto the salvation of our souls. Surely he hath blessed
house of Jacob, and hath been merciful unto the seed of I
sept. And insomuch as the children of Lehi hath keptlt
commandments, he hath blessed them and prospered |
according to his word; yea, and surely shall he again lie
a remnantof the seed of Joseph to the knowledge of the lit
their God; and as surely as the Lord liveth will he gather?
from the four quarters of the earth, all the remnant of thes
of Jacob, which are scattered abroad upon all the face
earth; and as he hath covenanted wit the house of

'. |

 

 

 
