  

unto the people that they had been wrought upon by the spini
of God, and had been healed; and they did shew forth signg
also, and did do some miracles among the people.

And it came to pass that thus passed away the thirty and
second year also, And Nephi did ery unto the people in the
commencement of thi: thirty and third year; and he did preach
unto them repentance and remission of sins, Now J would
have you to remember also, that there were none which were
brought unto repentance, who were not baptized with water;
therefore there were ordained of Nephi, men unto this ministry,
that all such as should come unto them, should be baptized with
water, and this as a witness and a testimony before God, and
unto the people, that they had repented and received a remis:
sion of their sins. And there were many in the commence:
ment of this year, that were baptized unto repentance; and
thus the more part of the year did pass away.

rai a

 

CHAPTER IV.

- AND now it came to pass that according to our record, and
we know ourrecord to be true : for behold, it was a just man
which did keep the record ; for he truly did many miracles in

e name of Jesus; and there was not any man which could
doa miracle in the name of Jesus, save he were cleansed cve-
ry whit from his iniquity. And now it came to pass, if there
was no mistake made by this man in the reckoning of our
time, the thirty and third year had passed away, and the peo-
ple began to look with great. earnestness for the sign which had
been given by the prophet Samuel, the Lamanite; yea, for the
time that there should be darkness for the space of three days,
over the face of the land. And there began to be great doubt
ings and disputations among the people, notwithstanding 8°
many signs had been given.

Aud it came to passin the thirty and fourth year, in the firs!
month, in the fourth day of the month, there arose a great
storm, such an one as never had been known in all the land 5
and there was also a great and terrible tempest ; and there
was terrible thunder, insomuch that it did shake the whole
earth as if it was about to divide asunder ; and there was &
ceeding sharp lightnings, such as never had been known in all
the land. And the city of Zarahemla did take fire: and the

 
