 

depths of the earth, to hide their wickedness and abominations
from before my face, that the blood of the prophets and the
ints should not come up any more unto me against them.—
And behold, that great city Jacobugath, which was inhabited
by the people of the king of Jacob, have I caused to be burned
with fire, because of their sins and their wickedness, which
was above all the wickedness of the whole earth, because of
their secret nurders and combinations: for it was they that
dd destroy the peace of my people and the government of the
land; therefore 1 did cause them to be burned, to destroy
them from before my face, that the blood of the prophets and
the saints should not come up unto me any more against them.
And behold, the city of Laman, and the city of Josh, and the
city of Gad, and the city of Kishkumen, have I caused to be
buned with fire, and the inhabitants thercof, because of their
wickedness in casting out the prophets, and stoning them
which I did send to declare unto them concerning their wick-
edness and their abominations; and beeause they did cast
them all out, that there were none righteous among them, I did
send down fire and destroy them, that their wickedness and
abominations might be hid from before my face, that the blood
ofthe prophets and the saints which [sent among them, might
ot ery unto me from the ground against them; and many
seat destructions have I caused to come upon this land, and
upon this people, because of their wickedness and their abom-

   

°

inations, ‘

Oall ye that are spared, because ye were more righteous -
than they! will ye not now retarn unto me, and repent of y:
ans,and be converted, that [may heal you? Yea, verily B
Sy unto you, if ye will come unto me, ye shell have eternal _
lif Behold, mine arm of mercy is extended towards you, and
whosoever will come, him will I receive; and blessed are
they which cometh unto me. Behold I am Jesus Christ, the
Sonof God. 1 created the Heavens and the earth, and ali
things that in them is. I was with the Father from the be-
sinning, Tam in the Father, and the Father in me; and in
mehath the Father glorified his name. 1 came unto my own,
itd my own received me not. And the scriptures, conce
mginy coming, are fulfilled. And as many as have recet
me tov them have I given to become the Sons of God; and
fen so will 1 to ax many as shall: believe on my name: for

ld, by me redemption cometh, and in me is the law of —
Moses fulfilled. 1am the light and the life of the world, 1

   
  
