am again ascended into heaven. And again the Lord calig
others, and said unto them likewise; and he gave unto they
power to baptize. And he saith unto them, On this wig
shall ye baptize; and there shall be no disputations amon
you. Verily I say unto you, that whoso repenteth of his shg
through your words, and desireth to be baptized in my natig
on this wise shall ye baptize them: Behold, ye shall go dayy
and stand in the water, and in my name shall ye baptize thea,
And now behold, these are the words which ye shell sy
calling them by name, saying: Tlaving authority given meq
Jesus Christ, | baptize you in the name of the Father, auld
the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. And then shall
immerse them iv the watcr, and come forth again out of tle
water. And after this manner shall ye baptize in my name
for behold, verily I say unto you, that the Father, and the
Son, and the Holy Ghost are onc ; and ]am in the Father, al
the Father in me, and the Father and [are one. And acco
ding as I have commanded you, thus’shall ye baptize. Ani
there shall be wo disputations among you, as there hath hith
erto been; neither shall there be disputations among you cor
cerning the points of my doctyine, as there hath hitherto heen;
for verily, verily Tsay unto you, fic that bath the spirit of co
tention, is not of me, but is of the Devil, which is the fethe
of contention, and he stirreth up the hearts of men to contend
with anger, one with another, Behold, this is not my doe
trine, to stir up the hearts of men with anger, one again
another; but this is my doctrine, that such things should
be done away. Behold, verily, verily 1 say unto you, | wil
declare unto you my doctrine And this is my doctrine, aid
it is the doctrine which the Father hath given unto me; ant |
[bear record of the Father, and the Father beareth reco
of me, and the Holy Ghost beareth record of the Father ant
me, and I bear record that the father commandeth all met,
every where, to repent and believe in me; and whoso belie
eih in me, and js baptized, the same shall be saved ; and they at
they which shall inherit the kingdom of God. And who®
believeth not in me, and is not baptized, shall be damned=
Verily, verity I say unto you, that this is my doctrine; andl |
bear record of it from the Father ; and whoso believeth inm
believeth in the Father also; and unto him will the Fether
bear record of me; for he will visit him with fire, and

the Holy Ghost; and thus will the Father bear record of me
and the Holy Ghost will bear record unto him of the Fathee

 
