wd me: for the Father, and I, and the Holy Ghost, are one.
And again I say unto you, ye must repent, and become as a
jule child, and be baptized in my name, or ye can in nowise
receive these things. And again I say unto you, Ye must re-
peot, and be baptized in my name, and become as a little
thild, or ye can in nowise inherit the kingdom of God. Ve-
aly, verily Isay unto you, that this is my doctrine ; and whoso
juildeth upon this, buildeth upon my rock; and the gates of
hell shall not prevail against them, And whoso shall declare
more or less than this, and establish it for my doctrine, the
sage cometh of evil, and is not built upon my rock, but he
jildeth upon a sandy foundation, and the gates of hell stand- _
gh open fo receive such, when the fleods come, and the
winds beat upon them. Therefore go forth unto this people,
ad declare the words which [have spoken, unto the ends of
the earth, And it came to pass that when Jesus had spoken
these words unto Nephi, and to those which had been called,
{sow the number of them which had been called, and received
power and authority to baptize, were-twelve,) and behold he
wretched forth his hand unto the multitude, and cried unto
them saying, Blessed are ye, if ye shall give heed unto the
words of these twelve which I have chosen from among you
fo minister unto you, and to be your servants ; and unto them!
havegiven power, that they may baptize you with water; and
dier that ye are baptized with water, behold I will baptize
you with fire and with the Holy Ghost; therefore blessed are
We, if ye shall believe in me, and be baptized, after that ye
lave seen me, and know that Lam. And again, more bles+
sed are they which shall believe in your words, because
tat ye shall testify that ye have seen me, and that ye
{now that lam. Yea, blessed are they which shall believe in
jour words, and come down into the depths of humility, and
lebaptized ; for they shall be visited with fire and with the
oly Ghost; and shall receive a remission of their sins. Yea,
biessed are the poor in spirit, which cometh unto me, for theirs
the kingdom pf Heaven. And again, ble-sed are al) they
that mourn, for they shall be comforted ; and blessed are the
Meck, for they shall inherit the earth, And blessed are all’
they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they
shall he filled with the Holy Ghost. And blessed are the mer-
tifal, for they shall obtain mercy. And blessed are all the
rin heart, for they shall see God. And blessed are all
fh gmacemaier for they shall he called the children of

 
