God. And blessed are all they which are persecuted, for my
namesake, for theirs is the kingdom of Heaven. And bles
sed are ye when men shall revile you, and persecute, and
shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake,
for ye shall have great joy and be execeding glad, for grea
shall be your reward in Heaven: for so persecuted they
the prophets which were before you. Verily, verily 1 say unio
you, I give unto you to be the salt of the earth ; but if the sd
shall lose its savor, wherewith shall the earth besalted? The
salt shall be thenceforth good for nothing, but to be cast out
and to be trodden under footof men. Verily, verily I say wo
you, Igive unto you to be the light of this people. A til
that is set on a hill cannot be hid. Behold, do men lights
candle and put it under a bushel? Nay, but on a candle
stick, and it giveth light to all that are in the house; therefor
let your light so shine belore this people, that they may xe
your good works, and glorify your Father which is in Heaven,
Think not that {am come to destroy the law or the prophets
Tam not come to destroy but to fulfil: for verily Tsay unto
you, one jot nor one tittle hath not passed away irom the lev,
hut in me it bath all been fulfilled.

And behold I have given unto you the law and the commant-
ments of my Father, that y¢ shall believe in me, and that ye
shall repent of your sins, and come unto me with a broken
heart and a contrite spirit. Behold, ye have the comment
ments before you, and the law is fulfilled; therefore com
unto me and be ye saved; for verily 1 say unto you, thatee
cept ye shall keep my commandments, which J have command
ed you at this time, ye shall in no case enter into the kingdomet
heaven. Ye have heard that it hath been said by them ofall
time, and it is ulso written before vou, that thou shalt mm
kill; and whosoever shall kill, shall be in danger of the judge:
ment of God. But Isay unto you, that whosoever is anit)
with his brother, shall be in danger of his judgement, dal
whosoever shall say to his brother, Raca, shall be in dang*
of the council ; and whosoever shall say, Thou foal, shall le
in danger of hell-fire ; therefore, if ye shall come unto me,
shall desire to come unto me, and rememberest that thy bo |
ther hath aught against thee, go thy way unto thy brother, @
first be reconciled to thy brother, and then come unto me 8
full purpose of heart, and I will receive you. Agree W
thine adversary quickly, while thou art in the way: with bia,
test at any time he shall get thec, and thou shalt be cast inlo-

 
