 

prison. Verily, verily I say unto thee, thou shalt by no means
come out thence, until thou hast paid the uttermost senine.—
And while ye are in prison, can ye pay even one senine? Ver-
ily, verily Tsay unto you, Nay, Behold, it is written by them
of old time, that thou shalt not commit adultery; but I say un-
io you, That whosoever looketh on a woman, to lust after her,
hath committed adultery already in his heart. Behold, I give
nfo you a commandment, that ye suffer none of these things
to enter into your heart: for it is better that ye should deny
yourselves of these things, wherein ye will take up your cross,
than that ye should be cast into hell. It hath been written,
That whosoever shall put away his wife, let him give her a
writing of divorcement. Verily, verily I say unto you, That
whosoever shall put away his wife, saving for the cause of
fornication, causeth her to commit adultery; and whoso shall
marry ber who is divorced, committeth adultery. And again
itis written, Thou shalt aot forswear thyself, but shalt perform
unto the Lord thine oaths. But verily, verily 1 say unto you,
Swear not at all; neither by Heaven, for it is God’s throne;
nor by the earth, for it his footstool ; neither shalt thou swear
by the head, because thou canst not make one hair black or
white; but let your communication be Yea, yea; Nay, nay: for
whatsoever cometh of more than these are evil. And behold,
itis written, An eye foran cye, and a tooth foratooth. But}
say unto you, That ye shall not resist evil: but whosoever
sigllsmite dee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also.
Avid if any man will sue thee at the law, and take away thy
coat, let him have thy cloak also. And whoscever shall com-
pthee to goa mile, go with him twain, Give to him that
asketh thee, and to him that would borrow of thee, turn thou
nolaway. And behold, it is written also, That thou shalt love
‘hyneighbor, and hate thine enemy : but bchold I say unto you,
Love your cnemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them
thet hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you
ad persecute you, that ye may be the children of your Fa- »
ther which is in heaven: for he maketh his sun to rise on the ©
eiland on the good; therefore those things which were of
oid time, which were under the law in me, are all fulfilled. —
Ol things are done away, and all things have become new ;
therefore I would that ye should be perfect even as J, or your
Pather which is in Heaven is perfect. Verily, verily, I say
that I would that ye should do alms unto the poor; but take
d that ye do not your alms before met, 10 be seen of then :
