otherwise ye have no reward of your Father which is in heaven,
Therefore, when yc shall do yorr alms, do not sound a trumpet
before you, as will hypocrites do in the synagogues, and in the
streets, that they may have glory of men. Verily, Tsay unto
you, They have their reward. Bat when thou doest alm
let not thy left hand know what thy right hand doeth; that
thine alms may be in secret: and thy Father which seeth in
secret, himself shall reward thee openly.

And when thou prayest, thou shalt not do as the hypocrites:
for they love to pray standing in the synagogues, and in the
corners of the strecis, that they may be scen of men. Verily,
Tsay unto you, They have their reward. But thou, when thou
prayest, enter into thy closet, and when thou hast shut thy
door, pray to thy Father which is in secret; and thy Father
which seeth in secret, shall reward thee openly. But whe
ye pray, use not vain repetitions, as the heathen: for they
think that they shall be heard for their much speaking, Be
not ye therefore like unto them: for your Father knowelh
what things ye have need of before ye ask him. After tlis
manner therefore pray ye: Our Father which art in heaven,
Hallowed be thy name. Thy will be done in carth as it ism
heaven. And forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtor
‘And Jead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. For
thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, for even
Amen. For, if ye forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly
Father will also forgive you: butif ye forgive not men their
trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses.
Moreover, when ye fast, be not as the hypocrites, of a sal
countenance: for they disfigure theit faces, that they may a
pear unto men to fast. Verily, 1 say unto you, ‘They have
their reward. But thou, when thou fastest, anoint thy heat,
and wash thy face; that thou appear not unto men, to fast,
but unto thy Father, which is in secret: and thy Father, which
seeth in secret, shall reward thee openty.

* Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth, where moll |
and rust doth corrupt, and thieves break through and steal:
but lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither
moth nor rust doth corrupt, and where thieves do not drek
through nor steal. For where your treasure is, there will yout
heart be aleo. The light of the body is the eye: if therefor
thine eye be single, thy whole body shall be full of light. But
if thine eye be evil, thy whole body shall be full of darkne#
If therefore the light that is in thee be darkness, how great

’

 

 
