brother, Let me pull out the mote out of thine eye; and behold,
a beam is in thine own eye? ‘hou hypocrite, firs: cast out
the beam out of thine own eye; and then shalt thou sec clearly
to cast out the mote out of thy brother’s eye. Give not that
which is holy unto the dogs, neither cast ye your pearls before
swine, lest they trample them under their feet, and turn again
and rend you.

Ask, and it shall be given unto you; seek, and ye shall find;
knock, and it shall be opened unto you: for every one that
asketh, receiveth; and he that seeketh, findeth; and to him
that knocketh, it shall be opened. Or what man is there of
you, whom, if his son ask bread, will he give hima stone? Or
if he ask a fish, will he give him a serpent? If ye then being
evil know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much
more shall your Father which is in heaven give good things o
them that ask him? ‘Therefore all things whatsoever ye would
that men should do to you, do ye even so to them: for this is
the law and the prophets. "

Enter ye iu at the straight gate ; for wide is the gate, and
broad is the way, that Jeadeth to destruction, and many ther
be which go in thereat: because, straight is the gate, and nar-
row is thé way, which leadeth unto life, and few there he that
find it. Beware of false prophets, which come to you ia
sheep’s clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves, Ye
shall know them by their fruits: Do men gather grapes of
thorns, or figs of thistles? Even so every good tree bringeth
‘forth good fruit; but a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil {ruil
A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither a corrupt tree
pring forth good fruit, Every tree that bringeth not forth goo!
fruit, is hewn down, and cast juto the fire. Wherefore, by
their fruits ye shall know them.

Not every one that saith unto me Lord, Lord, shall enter
into the kingdom of heaven; but he that docth the will of my
Father which is in heaven. Many will say to me in that dap,
Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name ? and in thy
name haye cast out devils? and in thy name done many W0r
derful works? And then will { profess unto them, } never
imew you: depart from me, ye that work iniquity.

Therefore, whoso hearcth these sayings of mine, and doett
them, I will liken him unto a wise man, which built his howe
upon a rock : and the rain descended, and the floods call
and the winds blew, and beat upon that house; and it fell not:
for it was founded upon a rock, And every one that heareit

 
