:

of your inheritance; and the Father hath given it unto you—
And not at any time hath the Father given me commandiment
that I should tell it unto your brethren at Jerusalem ; neither
at any time hath the Father given me commandment, that |
should tell unto them concerning the other tribes of the house
of Israel, which the Father hath Jed away out of the land—
This much did the Father command me, That I should tell
unto them, that other sheep I heye, which are not of this told;
them also I must bring, and they shall hear my voice; and
there shall be one fold, and one shepherd. And now hecuuse
of stiffneckedness and unbelief, they understood not ary word;
therefore I was commanded to say no more of the Father con
cerning this thing unto them. Bust, verily, [say unto you, that
the Father hath commended me, and f tell it unto you, that
ye were separated from among them because of their migmty;
therefore it is because of their miquity. thet they know not of
you. And verily, I say unto you again, That the othey tribes
hath the father separated from them ; and it is beeanse of heir

 
  
 

iniquity, that they know not of them, An Ay wnie
you, That ye are they of which T said, 02! i have,
which are not of this fold; them also T must br {she
shall hear my voice; and there shall be one fold, axl one

 

shepherd. . And they understood me not, for they sujposed
it had been the Gentiles: for they understocd uot thet the
Gentiles should be converted through their preaching ; and
they understood me not that f seid they shall hear my voire;
and they understood me not that the Gentiles should noi at
any time hear my voice; that T should not menis © raysell
unto them, save it were by the Holy Ghost. But behold, ye
have both heard my voice, and secn me ; and ye are my sheep,
and ye are numbered among them which the Pathor hath give
en mie, And-verily, verily, [say unto you, Thet I have other
sheep, which are not of this land; neither of the land of Jen
salem ; neither in any parts of that land round about, whither
Thave been to minister. For they of which I speals, are they
which have not as yet heard my voice; neither have I at any
time manifested myself unto them. But I have received 6
commandment of the Father, That I shall go unto them, and
that they shall hear my voice, and shall be nombered among

  

 

  
 

-my sheep, that there may be one fold, and one shepherd;

therefore I go to shew myself unto them. Any command
you that ye shall write these sayings, after that T am gone, that
if it so be that my people at Jerusalem, they which have se?

 
