xael, that the Gentiles shall not have power over you, but 1
will temember my covenant unto you, O house of Israel, and
ye shall come unto the knowledge of the fulness of my Gospe,
But of th entiles will repent, and return unto me, saith the
Father, behold, they shall be numbered among my people, 0
house of Israel :and [ will not suffer my people, which are of
the house of Israel, to go through among them, and tread them
down, saith the Father. But if they will not turn unto me,
and hearken unto my voice, [ will suffer them, yea, I will suf.
fer my people, O house of Israel, that they shall go through
among them, and shall tread them down, and they shall be as
salt that hath lost his savour, which is thenceforth good far
nothing, but to be cast out, and to be trodden under foot of
my people, O house of Israel. Verily, verily; 1 say unto you,

Thos has the Father commanded me, that 1 should give unte
this people this lend for their inheritance. And when the
words of the prophet Isaiah shall be fulfilled, which saith,

_ Thy watchmen shall lift up the voice; with the voice together
shall they sing: for they shall see eye to eye, when the Lond
shall bring again Zion. Break forth into joy, sing together,
ye waste places of Jerusalem: for the Lord hath comforted
his people, he hath redeemed Jerusalem. The Lord hall
made bare his holy arm in the eyes of all the nations: and all
the ends of the carth shall see the salvation of God. .

—ee .
*
CHAPTER VILL.
f wv Taps.

Benoxy, now it came to pass that when Jesus had spokes
these words, he looked round about again on the multitude,
and he saith unto them, Behold, my time is at hand. I per
ceive that ye are weak, that ye cannot understand all my worl
which I am commanded of the Father to speak unto you #
this time; thercfore, go ye unto your homes, and ponder updk

«the things which I have“ said, and ask of the Father, in my
name, that ye may understand; and prepare your minds for
the morrow, and 1 come unto you again. But now I go unto
the Father, and also to shew myself unto the lost tribes of I
rael: for they are not Jost unto the Father, for he knowell
whither he hath taken them. i

And it came to pass that when Jesus had thu®spoken, he
east his eyes round about again on the multitude, and hebeld
4 < a

 
