ed. And behold, ye shall méet together oft, and ye shall ng
forbid any man from coming unto you when ye shall meet jp.
gether, but suffer them that they may come unto you, and fy.
bid them not; but ye shall pray for them, and shall not cas
them out; and if it so be that they come unto you oft x
shall pray for them unto the Father, in my name; therefor
hold up your light, that it may shine unto the world. Beholf
{am the light which ye shalt hold ap—that which ye have sew
me do. Behold ye see that I have prayed unto the Pathe,
and ye all have witnessed; and ye see that I have commant
ed that none of you should go away, but rather have command.
ed that ye should come unto me, that ye might fecl and sce;
even so shall ye do anto the world; and whosoever breakell
this commandment, suffereth himself to be lead into temp
tion.

And now it came to pass that when Jesus had spoken thee
words, he turned his eyes again upon the disciples whom le
had chosen, and saith unto them, behold, verily, verily I sy
unto you, I give unto you another commandment, and then/
must go unto my Father, that I may fulfil other comment
ments which he hath given me. And now behold, this is the
commandment which I give unto you, that ye shall not sufe
any one, knowingly, to partake of my flesh and blood unwor
ihily, when ye shall minister it: For whoso eateth and drink
eth my flesh and blood unworthily, eateth and drinketh dan
nation to his soul; therefore if ye know that a man is unwor
thy to eat and drink of my flesh and blood, ye shall forbid him;
nevertheless ye shall not cast him out from among you, butt
shall minister unto him, and shall pray for him unto the Fe
ther, in my name. and if it so be that he repenteth, andi!
babtized in my name, then shall ye receive him, and shal
minister unto him of my flesh and blood ; but if he repentet
» not, he shall not be numbered among my people, that he mij
not destroy my people: For behold I know my sheep, alll
they are numbered ; nevertheless ye shall not cast him auto!
your synagogues, or your places of worship, for unto such
shall ye continue to minister ; for ye know not but what te
will return and repent, and come unto me with full purpose!
heart, and I shall heal them, and ye shall be the means
bringing salvation unto them. Therefore keep these sayils
which Ihave commanded you, that ye come not under cir
demnation: For wo unto him whom the Father condem
eth. And I give you these commandments, because of tl?

 
