and stood in the midst of the multitude. And ebotd the}
multitude was so great, that they did cause that they shoul
be separated into twelve bodies. And the twelve did teag
the multitude ; and behold, they did cause that the multitude
should kneel down upon the face of the earth, and should pry
unto the Father, m the name of Jesus. And the disciples dif
pray unto the Father also, in the name of Jesus. And it eume
to pass that they arose and ministered unto the people. And
when they had ministered those same words which Jesua had
spoken—nothing’ varying from the words which Jesus hai
spoken—behold, they knelt again, and prayed to the Fatherin
the name of Jesus ; and they did pray for that which the
most desired ; and they desired that the Holy Ghost shoul
be given unto them. And when they had thus prayed, they
went down unto the water’s edge, and the multitude followed
them. And it came to pass that Nephi went down into the
water, and was baptized. And he came up out of the wate,
and began to baptize. And he baptized al) they whom Jear
had chosen. And it came to pass when they were all bapt-
zed, and had come up out of the water, the Holy Ghost did
fall upon them, and they were filled with the Holy Ghost, and
with fire. And behold, they were encircled about as if if wer
fire; and it came down from heaven, and the multitude did
witness it, and do bear record; and angels did come dow
aut of heaven, and did minister unto them. And it camet
pass that while the angels were ministering unto the disciples,
behold, Jesus came and stood in the midst, and ministered
unto them. And it came to pass that he spake unto the mk
titude, and commanded them that they should kneel dom
again upon the earth, and also that his disciples should kned
down upon the earth. And it came to pass that when they had
all knelt down upon the earth, he commanded his disciples thit
they should pray. And behold, they began to pray ; and they
did pray unto Jesus, calling hm their Lord and their God.
And it.came to pass that Jesus departed ont of the midst of
them, and wenta little way off from them and bowed himsell
to the earth, and he saith, Father, I thank thee that thou ha*
given the Holy Ghost unto these whom I have chosen ; and it8
because of their belief in me, that T have chosen them oul o
the world, Father, I pray thee that thou wilt give the Holy
Ghost unto all them that shell believe in their words. Fathe}
thou hast given them the Holy Ghost, because they believe
me, and thou seest that they believe in me, because thou hee™ |

 
