them, So great faith have 1 never secn among all the Jews:
wherefore I could not shew unto them so great miracles, be.
cause of their unbelief. Verily I say unto you, there are nape
of them that have seen so great things as ye have seen ; ne.
ther have they heard so-great things as ye have heard.

And it came to pass that he commanded the multitude that
they should cease to pray, and also his disciples. And he
commanded them that they should not cease to pray in ther
hearts. And he commanded them that they should arise and
stand up upon their feet. And they arose up and stood upon
their feet. And it came to pass that he break bread again,
and blessed it, and gave to the disciples to eat. And when
they had eat, he commanded them that they should break
bread, and give unto the multitude. And when they had giy-
en unto the multitude, he also gave them wine to drink, and
commanded them that they should give unio the multitude,
Now there had been no bread, neither wine, brought by the
disciples, neither by the multitude ; but he truly gave unio
them bread to eat, and also wine to drink; and he saith unio
them, Hc that eatheth this bread, eatheth of my body to their
soul, and he that drinketh of this wine, drinketh of my blood
to their soul, and their soul shall never hunger nor thirst, but
shall be filled. Now when the multitude had all eat and
drank, behold they were filled with the spirit, and they di
cry out with one voice, and gave glory to Jesus, whom they
both saw and heard. And it came to pass that when ther
had all given glory unto Jesus, he saith unto them, Behold
now I finish the commandment which the Father hath coir
manded me concerning this people, which are a remnantol
the house of Israel. Ye remember that I spake unto you, atl
said that when the words of Isaiah should be fulfilled: Be
hold they are written, yo have them before you; therefor
search them. And verily, verily 1 say unto you, that whet
they shall be fulfilled, then is the fulfilling of the covenatl
which the Father hath made unto his people. O-‘house of
rael, and then shall the remnants which shall be scatterel
abroad upon the face of the earth, be gathered in from the eat
and from the west, and from the south, and from the norllij
and they shall be brought to the knowledge of the Lord thet
God, who hath redeemed them. And the Father hath com
manded me that I should give unto you this land, for yout
inheritance. And I say unto you, that if the Gentiles do m0!
repent after the blessing which they shall receive, after thi
