be a sign unto them, that they may know that the worl of the
Father hath already commenced unto the fulfilling of the coye.
nant which he hath made unto the people which are of the
house of Israel. And when that day shall come, it shall com
to pass that kings shall shut their mouths : for that which ha¢
not been told them shall they see; and that which they had
not heard shall they consider. For in that day, for my seke
shall the Father work a work, which shall be a great and 4
marvellous work among them; and there shall be among then
which will not believe it, although a man shall declare it up
them. But dehold, the life of my servant shal} be in my lant;
therefore they shall not hurt bim, although he shall be marel
decause of them. Yet I will heal him, for 1 will shew unip
them that my wisdom is greater than the cunning of the Devil |
Therefore it shall come to pass, that whosoever will not be
lieve in my words, which am Jesus Christ, which the Father
shall cause him to bring forth unto the Gentiles, and s
give unto him power that he shall bring them forth unto th
Gentiles, (it shalk be done even as Moses said,) they shall be
_ cut off from among my people which are of the covenant; and |
any people which are a remnant of Jacob, shall be among the
Gentiles, yea, in the midst of them, as a lion among the hers”
of the forest, as a young lion among the flocks of sheep, wie,
if he go through, both treadeth down and tcareth in pieces, at
none can deliver. Their hand shall be lificd up upon theiral
yersaries, and all their enemies shall be cut off. Yea, wo b
unto the Gentiles, except they repent: for it shall come (0 pas”
in that day, saith the Father, that 1 will cut off thy horses ail
of the midst of thee, and I will destroy thy chariots, and Iyi
cut off the cities of thy and, and throw down all thy sim
holds; and Iwill cut off witchcrafts out of thy hand, and thet
shalt have no more soothsayers: thy graven images 1 will ako
cut off, and thy standing images out of the midst of thee; au
thou shalt no more worship the works of thy hands; and Ly
pluck up thy groves out of the midst of thee; so will I dest
thy cities. And it shall come to pass that all lyings, and d
ceivings, and envyings, and strifes, and priestcrafis, and whet
doms, shall be done away. For it shall come to pass,
the Father, that at that day, whosoever will not repent §
come unto my beloyed Son, them will I cut off from anol
my people, O house of Israel; and I will execute vengt
and fury wpon them, even as upon the heathen, such as hf
have not heard. '
