be called, For the Lord hath called thee as a woman forsg.
ken and grieved in spirit, and a wile of youth, when thou wast
refused, saith thy God. For a small moment have I forsaken
thee; but with great mercies will I gather thee. Ina litle
wrath I hid my face from thee for a moment; but with ever«
lasting kindness will I have merey on thee, saith the Lord thy
‘Redeemer. For this, the waters of Noah unto me: foras Ihave
sworn that the waters of Noah should no more go over the’
earth, so have I sworn that I would not be wroth with thee,
For the mountains shall depart, and the hills be removed; but
my kindness shall not depart from thee, neither shall the cove.
nant of my people be removed, saith the Lord that hath merey
on thee.

O thou afflicted, tossed with tempest, and not comforted!
behold, Iwill lay thy stones with fair colors, and Jay thy foun-
dations with sapphires. And I will make thy windows of agates,
and thy gates of carbuncles, and all thy borders of pleasant
stones. And all thy children shall be. tanght of the Lord; and
great shall be the peace of thy children. In righteousness
shalt thou be established: thou shalt be far from oppression;
for thou shalt not fear: and from terror; for it shall not come
near thee. Behold, they shall surcly gather together against
thee, not by me: whosoever shall gather together against thee
shall fall for thy sake. Behold, I have created the smith that
blowceth the coals in the fire, and that bringeth forth an instr
ment for his work; and I have created the waster to destroy.
No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper; and ev-
ery tongue that shall rise against thee in judgement thou shalt
condemn. This.is the heritage of the servants of the Lord,
and their righteousness is of me, saith the Lord. And now
behold I say unto: you, That ye had ought to search these
things. Yea, a commandment I give unto you, that ye search
these things diligently: for great is the words of Isaiah. | For
surely he spake as touching all things concerning my people
which are of the house of Israel; therefore it must needs be
that he must speak also to the Gentiles, And all things that
he spake, hath been, and shall be, even according to the words
which he spake. Therefore give heed to my words: wrile
the things which Ihave told you; and according to the time
and the will of the Father, they shall go forth unto the Get-
tiles. And whosoever will hearken unto my words, and re
penteth, and is baptized, the same shall he saved. Search the
prophets: for many there be that testify of these things.
