 

And nowit came to pass that when Jesus had said these
words, he saith unto them again, aftcr he had expounded all
the Scriptures uito them which they had received, he saith
unte then, Behold, other Scriptures I would that ye should
write, that ye have not, And it came to pass that he saith
anto Nephi, Bring forth the record which ye have kept. And
when Nephi had brought forth the records, and laid them be-
fore him, he cast his eyes upon them, and saith, Verily, ¥
say unto you; I commanded my servant Samuel, the Laman-
ite, that he should testify unto this people, that at the day that
the Father should glorify his name in me, that there were
many saints which should arise from the dead, and should ap-

ar unto many, and should minister unto them. And he
saith unto them, Were it not so? And his disciples answered
him and said, Yea, Lord, Samuel did prophesy according’ to
thy words, and they were all fulfilled. And Jesus saith unto
them, How be it that ye have not written this thing, that many
saints did arise and appear unto many, and did minister unte
them? And it came to pass that Nephiremembered that this
thing had not been written. And it came to pass that Jesus
commanded that it should be written; therefore it was written
secording as he commanded.

CHAPTER XI.

Axp now it came to pass that when Jesus had expounded
al the Scriptures in one, which they had written, he comman-
ded them that they should teach the things which he had ex:
pounded unto them. And it came to pass that he commanded
‘hem that they should write the words which the Father had
given unto Malachi, which he should tell unto them. And it
Came to pass that after they were written, he expounded them,
4nd these are the words which he did tell unto them, saying:
Thns said the Father unto Malachi: Behold, I will send my
tessenger, and he shall prepare the way before me; and the
lond, whom ye seek, shall suddenly come to his temple, even
he messenger of the covenant, whom ye delight in: behold,
de shall come, saith the Lord of hosts. But who may abide
the day of his coming? and who shall stand when he appear-
th? for he is like a refiner’s fire, and like fallers’ soap. And

shall sit as a refiner and purifyer of silver: and ke shall pa-
