rify the gons of Levi, and purge them as goid and silver, tha
they may offer unto the Lord an offering in rightcousness.
Then shall the offering of Judah and Jerusalem be pleasant
unto the Lord, as in the days of old, and as in former year,
And I will come near to you to judgement: and I will bey
swift witness against the sorcerers, and against the adulterers,
and against false swearers, and against those that oppress tly
hireling in his wages, the widow, and the fatherless, and th
turn aside the stranger, and fear not me, saith the Lord of host,
for lam the Lord, ¥ change not; therefore ye sons Of Jaci
are not consumed.

Even from the days of your fathers ye are gone away from
mine ordinances, and have not kept them. Return unto m,
and I will return unto you, saith the Lord of hosts. But ye
said, Wherein shall we return ? :

Will a man rob God? Yet ye have robbed me. But yeaa,
Wherein have we robbed thee? In tithes and offerings, Ye
aré cursed with a curse: for ye have robbed me, evett ths |
whole nation. Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse, tha
there may be meat in my house, and prove me now herewith
Saith the Lord of hosts, if I will not opev you the windowsd
heaven, and pour you out a blessing, that there shall not ke
room cnough to receive it. And I will rebuke the devour
for your sakes, and he Shall not destroy the fruits of yor
ground; neither shall your vine cast her fruit before the tim
in the field, saith the Lord of hosts, And all nations shall cil
you blessed: for ye shall be adelightsome land, saith the Lat
of hosts.

Your words have been stout against me, saith the Lord~
Yet ye say, What have we spoken against thee? Ye have sail,
It is vain to serve God: and what doth it prefit that we bat
kept his ordinance, and that we have walked mournfully befurt
the Lord of hosts?’ And now we call the proud happy; y&%
they that work wickedness are set up; yea, them that temp
God are even delivered,

Then they that feared the Lord spake often one to another:
and the Lord hearkened, and heard: antl a book of remett
brance was written before him for them that feared the Lot

“and that thought upon his name. And they shall be mm
saith the Lord of hosts, in-that day when I make up my Je
els; and I will spare them, as a man spareth his own son
serveth him. Then shall ye return and discern between #
righteous and the wicked, between him that serveth God

 
