them. And it came to pass that the disciples whom Jesus
had chosen, began from that time forth to baptize and to teach
as many as did come unto them; and as many as were baptiz-
odin the name of Jesus, were filled with the Holy Ghost. And
many of them saw and heard unspeukable things, which are
not lawful to be written; and they taught, and did minister
one to another; and they had all things common among them,
ery man dealing justly, oue witl another. And it came to
ass that they did do all things, even as Jesus had command-
edthem. And they which were baptized in the name of Je-
sus, were called the church of Christ.

And it came to pass that as the disciples of Jesus were
jurseying, and were preaching the things which they had both
heard and seen, and were baptizing in the name of Jesus, jit
came to pass that the disciples were gaihered together, and
were united in mighty prayer and fasting. And Jesus ayain
shewed himself unto them: for they were praying unto the
Father, in bis name; and Jesus came and stood in the midst
them, and saith unto them, What will ye that I shall give
unto you? And they saith unto him, Lord, we will that thow
wouldst tel] us the name wheveby we shall call this church ;
br there are disputations among the people concerning this
matter, And the Lord said unto them, Verily, verily Isay unto
jou, why is it that the people should murmur and dispute be-
cause of this thing? have they not read the scriptures, which
sith ye must take upon you the name of Chirist, which is
myname? for by this nase shall ye be called at the last day ;
and whoso taketh upon him my name, and- endureth to the
tnd, the same shall be saved at the last day ; therefore, what-’
soever ye shall do, ye shall. do it in my name; therefore ye
shallcall the church in my name ; and ye shall call upon the Fa-
ther in my name, that he will bless the church for my sake ;
ad how be it my church, save it be called in my name? for
ifachurch be called in Moses’ name, then it be Moses’ church »
@ fit be called in the name of a man, then it be the church
ofa man; but if it be called in my name, then itis my chureh,
Titso be that they are built upon my Gospel. Verily I vay
tite you, that ye are built upon my Gospel; therefore ye shalt
call whatsoever things ye do call in my name; therefore if ye
call upon the Father, for the church, if it be in my name, the
Father will hear you; andifit so be that the church is built

‘on my Gospel, then will the Father shew forth his own

Works in it; butif it be not built upon my Gospel, and is built

 
