a transfiguration of them, that they were changed from this
body of flesh, into an immortal state, that they could behold
the things. of God. But it came to pass that they did again
junister upon the face of the earth; uevertheless they did not
minister of the things which they had heard and seen, because
of the commandment which was given them in heaven. And
now whether they were mortal or immortal, from the day of
their transfiguration, I know not; but this much | know:
According 1o the record which hath been given, they did go
forth upon the face of the land, and did minister unto all the
people, uniting as many to the church as would believe in
their preaching ; baptizing them; and as many as were bap-
tied, did receive the Holy Ghost; and they were cast into
prison by them who did not belong to the church. And the

prisons could not hold them, for they were rent in twain, and °

they were cast down jnio the earth. But they did smite the
earth with the word of God, insomuch that by his power they
were delivered out of the depths of the earth; and therefore
they could not dig pits sufficiently to hold them. And thrice
they were cast into a furnace, and received no harm. And
twice were they cast into a den of wild beasts; and behold
they did play with the beasts, as a child witha suckling lamb,
and received no harm. And it came to pass that thus they
did go forth amoug all the people of Nephi, and did preach the
gospel of Christ unto all people upon the face of the land:
And they were converted unto the Lord, and were united unto
the church of Christ: And thus the people of that generation
Were blessed, according to the word of Jesus. And now I,

Mormon, male an end of speaking concerning these things,

fora time. Behold, 1 were about to write the names of those
who were never to taste of death ; but the Lord forbade, there-
fore I write them not, for they are hid from the world. But
behold I have seen them, and they have ministered unto me ;
and behold they will he wnong the Gentiles, and the Gentiles

2

knoweth them not. They will also be among the Jews, and

the Jews shall know thei not.
Aad it shali come io pass, when the Lord seeth fit in his
si that they shall minister unto all the scattered tribes
Ssreel, und unto all nations, kindred, tongues and people, and
sill bring out of them unto Jesus many souls, that their de-
remay be fullilled, and also because of the convincing power
of God which isin them; and they are as the angels of God
‘ud if they shall pray unto the Father in the name of Jesus
