 

 

prosper them exceedingly, in the land; yea, insomuch that
they did fill cities again where there had been cities burned ;
yea, oven that great city Zarahemla.did they cause to be built
again, But there were many cities which had been sunk, and
waters came up in the stead thereof; therefore these cities
could not be renewed.

And now behold it came to pass that tlie people of Nephi
did wex strong, and did multiply exceeding, fast, and became
an exceeding fair and delightsome people.. And they were
married, and given in marriage, and were blessed according to
the multitude of the fremises which the Lord had made unto
them, And they did not walk any more after the performan-
ces and ordinances of the law of Moses, but they did walk
after the commandments which they had received from their
Lord and their God, continuing in fasting and prayer, and in
meeting together oft, both to pray and to hear the word of the
ford. And it came to pass that ‘there was no contention
among all the people, in all the land, but there were mighty
nitacles wrought among the disciples of Jesus.

And it came to pass thatthe seventy and first year passed
away, aud also the seventy and second year; yea, and in fine
fill the seventy. and ninth year had passed away; yea, even
an hundred years had passed away, and the disciples of Jesus,
whom he had chosen, had all gone to the paradise of God, save
itwere the three which should tarry: And there were other
disciples ordained in their stead ; and also many of that gene-
tation which had passed away. And it came to pass that
there was no contention in the land, because of the loye of
God which*did dwell in the hearts of the people. And there
Were no envyings, nor strifes, nor tumulis, nor whoredoms,
nor lyings, nor murders, nor ne manner.of lascivioushess : and
surely there could not bea happier people among all the peo-
ple which had been created by the hand of God: There were
10 robbers, nor no murderers, neither were there Lamanites,
tor no manner of Ites; but they were in one, the children of
Christ, and heirs to the kingdom of God: And! how blessed
Were they, for the Lord did bless them in all their doings;
yea, even they were blessed and prospered, until an hundred
and fen years had passed away: And the first generation
from Christ had passed away, and there was no contention in
all the land. t

An@ it came to pass that Nephi, he that kept this last record, |
{and he, kept it upon the plates of Nephi) died, and his son.

 

 
