withstanding all these miracles the people did harden their
hearts, and did seek to kill them, even as the Jews at Jerusa-
lem sought to kill Jesus, according to his word, and they did
casi them imto furnaces of fire, and they came forth receiving
noharm; and they also cast them into dens of wild beasts,
and they did play with the wild beasts even as a child with a
lamb; and they did come forth from among them, receiving
noharm. Nevertheless, the people did harden their hearts,
for they were led by many priests and false prophets to build
up many ~churches, and to do all manner of iniquity. And
they did smite upon the people of Jesus ; but the people of
Jesus did not smite ugain. And thus they did dwindle in un-
belief and wickedness, from year to year, even until two hun-
dred and thirty years had passed away. And now it came to
pass in this year, yea, in the two hundred and thirty and” first
year, there were a great division among the people. And it
came {o pass that in this year there arose a people which was
called the Nephites, and they were true believers in Christ;
and among them there were they which was called by the La-
manites, Jacobites, and Josephites, and Zoranites ; therefore
the true believers in Christ, and the true worshippers of Christ,
(among whom were the three disciples of Jesus which should
iarry,) were called Nephites, and Jacobites, and Josephites,
and Zoramites. And it came to pass that they which reject-
el the gospel, were called Lamanites, and Lemuelites, and
Ishmaelites ; and they did not dwindle in unbelief, but they
did wilfwly rebel against the gospel of Christ; and they did
teach their children that they should not believe, even as their
fathers, from the beginning, did dwindle. And it was be-
cause of the wickedness and abominations of their fathers,
even as it was inthe beginning, And they were taught te
hate the children of God, even as the Lamanites were taught -
to hate the children of Nephi, from the beginning.

And it came to pass that two hundred and forty and four
years had passed away, and thus were the affairs of the peo-
ple. And the more wicked part of the people did wax strong,
and became exceeding more numerous than were the people
of God. And they did still continue to build up churches unto
themselves, and adorn them with all manner of precious
things. And thus did two hundred and fifty years pass. away,
and also two hundred and sixty years. And it came 1o pass
that the wicked part of the people began again to build up the -
secret oaths and combinations of Gaddianton. And also the;

+»
