people which were called the people of Nephi, began to be
Pew in their hearts, because of their exceeding riches, and

ecome vain, like unto their brethren, the Lamanites. And
from this time, the disciples began to sorrow for the sins of
the world.

And it came to pass that when three hundred years had passed
away, both the people of Nephi and the Lamanites had be
come exceeding wicked, one like unto another. And it came
to pass that the robbers of Gaddianton did spread over all the
face ofthe land; and there were none that were righteous,
Saye it were the disciples of Jesus, And gold and silver did
they lay up in store in abundance, and did traffic in al! manner
of traffic, :

And it came to pass that after three hundred and five yeu
had passed away, (and the people did still remain in wicked
ness,) Amos died, and his brother, Ammaron, did keep the
record, in his stead, And it came to pass that when three
hundred and twenty years had passed away, Ammaron, being
constrained by the Holy Ghost, did hide up the records which
were sacred; yea, even all the sacred records which had
been handed down from generation to generation, which were
sacred, even until the three hundred and twentieth year from
the coming of Christ. And he did hide them up unto the Lord,
that they might come again unto the remnant of the house of
Jacob, according to the prophecies and the promises of the
Lord. And thus is the end of the record of Ammaron.

 

BOOK OF MORMON.
CHAPTER |.

-Anp now I, Mormon, make a record of the things which |
have both seen and heard, and call it the Book of Mormon—
And about the time that Ammaron hid up the records unt
the Lord, he came unto me, (1 being about ten years of age)
and I began to be learned somewhat after the manner of the
learning of my people,) and Ammaron saith unto me, } per
ceive that thou arta sober child, and art quick to observe:
therefore when ye are about twenty and four years old,!
would that ye should remember the ‘things that reba
served concerning this people ; and when ye are of that age
