abominations has been before mine eyes ever since I have beep
suilicient to behold the ways of man, And wo is me, becaus:
of their wickedness: for my heart has been filled with sorroy
because of their wickedness, all my days; nevertheless, |
know that I shall be lifted up at the last day.
And it came to pass that in this year the people of Nephi
again were hunted and driven. And it came to pass that we
were driven forth until we had come northward to the Ta
which was called Shem. And it came to pass that we di
fortify the city of Shem, and we did gather in our peopie as
“much as it were possible, that perhaps we might save then
from destruction. And it came to pass in the three hundred
and forty and sixth year, they began to eome upon us agai,
And it came to pass that J did speak unto my people, and did
urge them with great energy, that they would stand boldly be
fore the Lamanites, and fight for their wives, and their chil
dren, and their houses, and their homes. And my words did
arouse them somewhat to vigor, insomuch that they did nol
flee from before the Lamanites, but did stand with boldnes
against them, And it came to pass that we did contend with
an army of thirty thousand, agaist an army of fifty thousam,
And it came to pass that we did stand before them with such
firmness, that they did flee from before us, And it came to pass
that when they had fled, we did pursue them with our armic,
and did meet them again, and did beat them; nevertheless the
strength of the Lordiwas not with us: yea, we were leltio
ourselvés, that the spirit of the Lord did not abide im 15;
therefore we had become weak, like unto our brethren. Ant
my heart did sorrow because of this the great calamity of mj
people ; because of their wickedness and their abominations
But behold we did go forth against the Lamanites, and tle
robbers of Gaddianton, until we had again taken possessi0?
of the lands of our inheritance. And the three hundred ant
forty and ninth year had passed away. And in the three hur
dred and fiftieth year, we made a treaty with the Lamanilés
and the robbers of Gaddianton, in the which we did get the
Jands of our inheritance divided. And the Lamanites @
give unto us the land northward; yea, even to the narrow
passage which Jed into the land southward. And we did giv’
unto the Lamanites all the land southward-
And it came to pass that the Lamanites did not come to hat
ile again until ten years more had passed away. And behold,
Thad employed my people, the Nephites, in preparing thee

 
