jands and their arms against the time of battle. And it came
ty pass that the Lord did say unto me, Cry unto this people
repent ye, and come unto me and be ye baptized, and build up
again my church, and ye shall be spared. And 1 did ery unto
this people, but it was in vain, and they did not realise that it
was the Lord that had spared them, end granted unto them a
chance for repentance. And behold they did harden their
hearts against the Lord their God. And it came to pass that
after this tenth year” had passed away, making, in the whole,
three hundred and sixty years from the coming of Christ, the
ting of the Laimanites sent an epistle unto me, which gave
ato me to know that they were preparing to come again to
pattie against us. And it came to pass that I did cause my
people that they should gather themselves together at the land
Desolation, to a city which was in the borders, by the narrow
pass which lead into the land southward. And there we did
qlace our armies, that we might stop the armies of the Laman-
ites, that they might not get possession of any of our lanas;
therefore we did fortify against them with all our forec.

And it came to pass that in the three hundred and sixty and
frst year, the Lamanites did come down to the city of Deso-
lation to battle, against us. And it came te pass that in thet
year, we did beat them, insomuch that they did return to their
own lands again. And in the three hundred and sixty and
second year, they did come down again to battle. And we
did beat them again, and did slay a great number of them, and
their dead was cast into the sea. And now because of this
grat thing which my people, the Nephites, had done, they
began t@yhoast in their own strength, and began to swear be-
fore the heavens that they would avenge themselves of the
blood of their brethren which had been slain by their enemies.
Ant they did swear by the heavens, and also by the throne of
God, that they would go up to battle against their enemies,
and would cuf them off from the face of the land.

And it came to pass that I, Mormon, did utterly refuse from
this time forth, to be a commander and a leader of this people,
hecause of their wickedness and abomination. Behold, T had
led them, notwithstanding their wickedness, I had lead them
many times to battle, and had loved them, according to the
love of God which was in me, with all my heart; and my

‘soul had been poured out im prayer unto my God all the day
long, for them ; nevertheless, it was without faith, because of
the hardness of their hearts. And thrice have I delivered

 
