‘them out of the hands of their enemies, and they have repe,
ted not of their sins. And when they had. sworn by ali thy
had been forbidden them, by our Lord and Saviour Jesus
Christ, that they would go up unto their enemies to batile, ang
avenge themselves of the blood of their brethren, behold, te
voice of the Lord came unto me, saying: Vengeance is mine,
and I will repay; and because this people repented not ale
that I had delivered them, behold, they shall be cut off frog
the face of the earth. And it came to pass that I utterly rely
sed to go up against mine enemies; and J did even as the Lon
had commanded me; and { did stand as an idle Witness (
manifest unto the world the things which I saw and heard, ace.
cording to the manifestations of the spirit which had testife} {
of things to come. Therefore I write unto you, Gentiles, an
also unto you, house of Israel, when the work shall comment,
that ye shall be about to prepare to return to the land of you
inheritance; yea, behold, I write unto all the ends of tle
earth; yea, unto you, twelve tribes of Israel, which shall kk
judged according to your works, by the twelve whom Jess
chose to he his disciples in the land of Jerusalem. And]
write also unto the remnant of this people, which shall alsok
judged by the twelve whom Jesus chose in this land; and
they shall be judged by the other twelve whom Jesus chosein
the land of Jerusalem. And these things do the spirit mati
fest unto me; therefore T write unto you all, And for this
cause I write unto you, that ye may know that ye must all
stand before the judgement seat of Christ, yea, every stl
which belong to the whole human family of Adam; and ye
must stand to be judged of your works, whether theypbe goo!
or evil; and also that ye may believe the Gospel of Jess
Christ, which ye shall have among you; and also that the:
Jews, the cévenant people of the Lord, shall have other wit
ness besides that which they saw and heard, that Jesus, who
they slew, was the very Christ, and the very God ; and I would
that I could persuade all ye ends of the earth to repent all
prepare to stand before the judgement seat of Christ.
TS

CHAPTER IL.

Anp now it came to pass that in the three hundred and sal?
and third year, the Nephites did go up with their armies ©

 
