 

jaitle against the Lamanites, out of the land Desolation. And
itcame to pass that the armies of the Nephites were driven
jack again to the land of Desolation. And while they were
yet weary, a fresh army of the Lamanites did come uyion them ;
and they had a sore battle, insomuch that the Lamahites did
take possession of the city Desolation, and did slay many of
the Nephites, and did take many prisoners; and the remainder
did flee and join the inhabitants of the city Teancum. Now
the city Teancum lay in the borders by the*seashore; and it
was also near the city Desolation, And it was because that
the armies of the Nephites went up unto the Lamanites, that
they began to be smitten: for were it not for that, the Laman-
ites could have had no power over them. But behotd, the
judgements of God will overtake the wicked; and it is by the
wicked, that the wicked are punished : forit is the wicked that
stirreth up the hearts of the children of men unto bloodshed.—
And it came to pass that the Lamanites did make preparations
to come against the city Teancum, :

And it came to pass in the three hundred and sixty and
fourth year, the Lamanites did come against the city Teancum,
thatthey might (ake possession of the city Feancum also. Audit
came to pass that they were repulsed and driven back by the
Nephites. And when the Nephites saw that they had driven ,
the Lamanites, they did again boast of their strength; and they
went forth in their own might, and took possession again of
the city Desolation. And now all these things had been done,
and there had been thousands slain on both sides, both the
Nephites and the Lamanites, And it came to pass that the
three hundred and sixty and sixth year had passed away, and

the Lamanites came again upon the Nephites to battle; and
yet the Nephites repented not of the evil which they had done,:
tut persisted in their wickedness continually. And it is im-
possible for the tongue to describe, or for man to write a per-
eet description of the horrible scene of the blood ‘and car-
tage which was among the people, both of the Nephites and
of the Lamanites; and every heart was hardened, so that they
delighted in the shedding of blood continually. And there
never had been so great wickedness among all the children of
Lehi, nor even among all the house of Israel, according to the
words of the Lord, as were among this people.

And it came to pass that the Lamanites did take possession _
of the city Desolation, and this because their number did ex- +
ceed the number of the Nephites. And they did also march.

 
