the commandment of the Lord, when he shall see fit, in his
wisdom. And behold they shall go unto the unbelieving of
the Jews; and for this intent shall they go: that they may be
. persuaded that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of the living God:
that the Father may bring about, through his most beloved, lic
great and eternal purpose, in the restoring the Jews, or all the
house of Israel, to the land of their inheritance, which the
Lord their God hath given them, unto the fulfilling of his cove.
nant, and also that the seed of this people may more fully be
lieve his gospel, which shall go forth unto them from the Gen-
tiles : “for this people shall be scattered, and shall become a
dark, a filthy, and a loathsome people, beyond the description
of that which ever hath been amongst us; yea, even that
which hath been among the Lamanites; and this because of
their unbelief and idolatry: For behold, the spirit of the
Lord hath already ceased to strive with their father
and they are without Christ and God in the world, and they
are driven about as chaff before the wind. They were oncea
dchghtsome people, and they had Christ for their Shepherd;
yea, they were led even by God, the Father. But now, be
hold they are Icd about by satan, even as chaff is driven be
‘ore the wind, or as a vessel is tossed about upon the waves
without sail or anchor, or without any thing wherewith to slew
her; and even as she is, so are they. And behold, the Lord
hath reserved their blessing, which they might have received
in the land, for the Gentiles, which shall possess the land—
But behold, it shall come to pass that they shall be driven and
scatiered by the Gentiles; and aftet that they have been drir
en and scattered by the Gentiles, behold, then will the Lorl
remember the covenant which he made unto Abraham, ant
unto all the house of Isracl. And also the Lord will remem
ber the prayers of the righteous, which hath been put up unlo
him for them. And then, O ye Gentiles, how can ye stant
hefore the power of God, except ye shall repent and turn from
your evil ways? Know ye not that ye are in the bands of
God? Know ye not that he hath all power, and at his great
command the earth shall be rolled together as a scroll? There
fore repent ye, and humble yourselves before him, lest he shall
come out in justice against you; lest a remnant of the seed of
Jacoh shall go forth among you as a lion, and tear you in pit
ees, and there is none to deliver. * :
