CHAPTER Hl.

Ayo now, I finish my record concerning the destruction of
my people, the Nephites. And it came to pass that we did
march forth before the Lamanites, And I, Mormon, wrote an
epistle unto the king of the Lamanites, and desired of him that
he would grant unto us that we might gather together our peo-
ple unto the land of Camorah,. by a hill which was called Ca-
morah, and there we would give them battle. And it came to .
pass that the king of the Lamanites did grant unto me the thing
which I desired. And it came to pase that we did march forth
to the land of Camorah, and we did pitch our tents round about
the hill Camorah; and it was in a land of many waters, rivers
aud fountains; and here we had hope to gain advantage over
the Lamanitcs. And when three hundred and eighty and four
years had passed away, we had gathered in all the remainder
of our people unto the land Camorah.

And it came to pass that when we had gathered in all our
people in one to the land of Camorah, behold I, Mormon, be-
gan to be old; and knowing it to be the last struggle of my
people, and haying been commanded of the Lord that I should
not suffer that the records which had been handed down by
our fathers, which were sacred, to fall into the hands of the
Lamanites, (for the Lamanites would destroy them,) therefore
I made this record out of the plates of Nephi, and hid up in
the hill Camorah, all the records which had been entrusted to
me by the hand of the Lord, save it were these few plates
which I gave unto my son. Moroni. And it came to pass .
my people, with their wives and their children, did now b
hold the armies of the Lamanites a marching towards them;
and with that awful fear of death which fills the breasts of alk
the wicked, did they await to receive them. And it came to
pass that they came to battle against us, and every soul was
filled with terror, because.of the greatness of their numbers.
And it came to pass that they did fall upon my people with
the sword, and with the bow, and with the arrow, and with
the axe, and with all manner of weapons of. war. And it came
to pass that my men were hewn down, yea, even my ten thou-
sand which were with me, and I fell wounded in the midst;
and they passed by me that they did not put an end to my
life. And when they had ee through and hewn down ail
iy people save it were twenty and four of us, (among whom
was my son Moroni,) and we haying survived the dead of our
