their fathers ; yea, I speak unto you, ye remnant of the house
of Israel; and this is the words which] speak: Know ye that
ye are of the house of Israel. Know ye that ye must come
unto repentance, or ye cannot be saved. Know ye that ye
must lay down ‘your weapons of war, and delight no more in
the shedding of blood, and take them not again, save it be that
God shall command you. Know ye that ye must come to
the knowledge of your fathers, and repent of all your sins and
iniquities, and believe in Jesus Christ, that he is the Son of
God, and that he was slain by the Jews, and by the power of
the Pather he hath risen again, whereby he hath gained the
yietory over the grave; and also in him is the sting of death
swallowed up. And he bringeth to pass the resurrection of
the dead, whereby man must be raised to stand before his
judgement seat. And he hath brought to pass the redemption
ofthe world, whereby he that is found guiltless before him at
the judgement day, hath it given unto them to dwell in the
presence of God in his kingdom, to sing ceaseless praises with
the choirs above, unto the Father, and unto the Son, and un-
to the Holy Ghost, which is one God, in a state of happiness
which hath no end. Therefore repent, and be baptized in the
name of Jesus, and Jay hold upon the Gospel of Christ, which
shall be set before you, not only in this record, but also in the
record which shall come unto the Gentiles from the Jews,
which record shall come from the Gentiles unto you. For
behold, this is written for the intent that ye may believe that;
and if ye believe that, ye will believe this also ; and if ye be-
lieve this, ye will know concerning your fathers, and also the
marvellous works which were wrought by the power of God
among them; and ye will also know that ye are a remnant of
the seed of Jacob; therefore ye are numbered among the peo-
ple of the first covenant; and if it so be that ye believe in
Christ, and are baptized, first with water, then with fire and
with the Holy Ghost, following the example of our Saviour ~
according to that which he hath commanded us, it shall be
well vith you in the day of judgement. Amen.

 

ee EE

a

“CHAPTER IV.

Bruoup I, Moroni, do finish the record of my father Mor.
ton. Behold, Ihave but few things to write, which things I
