have been commanded of my father. And now it came tg
pass that after the great and tremendous battle at Camorah,
behold, the Nephites which had escaped into the country
southward, were hunted by the Lamanites, until they were all
destroyed; and my father also was killed by them ; and I,
even I remaineth alone to write the sad tale of the destruction
of my people. But behold, they are gone, and I fulfil the
commandment of my father. And whether they will slay me,
T know not; therefore I will write and hide up the records in
the earth: and whither I go it mattereth not. Behold, my fa
ther hath made this record, and he hath written the intent
thereof, And behold, I would write it also, if J had room up-
en the plates; but Ihave not; and ore I have none, for | am
alone: my father hath been slain in battle, and all my kins
folks, and | have not friends nor whither to go; and how long
that the Lord will suffer that | may live, 1know not. Behold,
four hundred years have passed away since the coming of our
Lord and Saviour.. And behold, the Lamanites have hunted
my people, the Nephites, down from city to city, and from
place to place, even until they are no more; and great has
heon their fall; yea, great and marvellous is the destruction
of my people, the Nephites. And bebold, it is the handof
the Lord which hath done it. And behold also, the Laman
ites are at war one with another; and the whole face of this
Jand is one continual round of murder and bloodshed ; and no
one knoweth the end of the war. And now behold, I say n0
more concerning them, for there are none, save it be Lamai-
ites and robbers, that do exist upon the face of the land; and
there are none that do know the true God, save it be the dis
ciples of Jesus, which did tarry in the land until the wicked:
ness of the people were so great, that the Lord would net
suffer them to remain with the people; and whether they he
upon the face of the land, no man knoweth. But behold, my
father and Ihave seen them, and they have ministered unto
us. And whoso receiveth this record, and shall not condemm
it because of the imperfections which: are in it, the same shall
inow of greater things than.these. Behold, ] am Moroni;
and were it possible, 1 would make all things known unto you.
Behold, I make an end of speaking concerning this people. 1
am the son of Mormon, and my father was a descendant of
Nephi; and I am the same which hideth up this record unl
the Lord; the plates thereof are of no worth, because of the
commandment of the Lord. For he truly saith, That no ont
