shall have them to get gain; but the record thereof is of great
worth; and whoso shall bring it to light, him will the Lord
bless. For none can have power to bring it to light, save it
be given him of God: for God will that it shall be done with
an eye singled to his glory, or the welfare of the ancient and
long dispersed covenant people of the Lord. And blessed be
him that shall bring this ‘thing to light: for it shall be brought
out of darkness unto light, according to the word of God; yea,
itshall be brought out of the earth, and it shall shine forth out
of darkness, and come unto the knowledge of the people ; and
it shall be done by the power of God: and if there be faults,
they be the faults of aman. But behold, we know no fault.
Nevertheless, God knoweth all things; therefore he that con-
demncth, let him be aware lest he shall be in danger of hell
fire. And he that sayeth, Shew unto me, or ye shall be smit-
ten, let him beware lest he commandcth that which is forbid-
den of the Lord. For behold, the same that judgeth rashly,
shallbe judged rashly again: for according to his works shall
his wages be; therefore, he that smiteth, shall be smiticn again
of the Lord. Behold what the Scripture saith: Man shall
not smite, neither shall he judge : for judgement is mine, saith ~
the Lord; and vengeance is mine also, and I will repay. And |
he that shall breathe out wrath and strifes against the work of
the Lord, and against the covenant people of the Lord, which
is the house of Isracl, and shall say, We will destroy th
work of the Lord, and the Lord will not remember his co
nant which he hath made unto the house of Israel, the sar
isin danger to be hewn down and cast into the fire: for the
eternal purposes of the Lord shall roll on, until all his promi- |
ses shall be fulfilled. Search the prophecies of Isaiah. Be-
hold, Icannot write them. Yea, behold I say unto you, That
those saints which have gone before me, which have possessed
this land, shall ery ; yea, even from the dust will they ery un-
tothe Lord; and as the Lord liveth, he will remember the
covenant which he hath made with them. And he knoweth
their prayers, that they were in the behalf of their brethren.
And he knoweth their faith: for in his name could they re-
move mountains ; and in his name could they cause the earth
to shake; and by the power of his word did they cause pris-
ons 10 tunble to the earth; yea, even the fiery furnace could
hot harm them; neither wild beasts, nor poisonous serpents,
because of the power of his word. And behold, their prayers
were also in behalf of him that the Lord should suffer to

 
