7

done away, that there is no revelations, wor propliecies, not
gilts, nor healing, nor speaking with tongues, and the interpre.
tation of tongues. Behold J say unto you, He. that denieth
these things, knoweth not the Gospel of Christ; yea, they
have not read the Scriptures; if so, they do not understand
them. For do we not read that God is the same yesterday,
to-day, and forever: and in him there is no yariablencas, nes
ther shadow of changing. And now, if ye have imagined up
unto yourselves a god which doth vary, and in him there is
shadow of changing, then have ye imagined up unto yourselves
a god which is not a God of miracles. But behold, I wil
shew unto you a God of miracles, even the God of Abraham,
and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob; and it is that
same’God which created the heavens and the earth, and all
things that in them is. Behold, he crated Adam; and by Ad-
am came the fall of man, And-because of the fall of man,
caine Jesus Christ, even the Father and the Son; and because
of Jesus Christ, came the redemption of man, And because
ef the redemption of man, which came by Jesus Christ, they
are brought back into the presence of the Lord ; yea, this is
wherein all_men are redeemed, because the death of Christ
bringeth to pass the resurrection, which bringeth to passa
redemption from an endless sleep, from which sleep all men

_ shall be awoke by the power of God, when the tramp shall

sound; and they shall come forth, both small and great, and
wy shall stand before his bar, being redeemed and loosed from
this eternal band of death, which death is a temporal death;
and then cometh the judgement of the Holy One upon them;
and then cometh the time that he that is filthy, shall be filthy
still; and he that is righteous, shall be righteous still: he that
is happy, shall be happy still; and he that is unhappy, shal
be unhappy still. And now, O all ye that have imagined op
unto yourselves a god which can do no miracles, 1 would ask
of you, have all these things past, of which J have spoken!
Has the.end come-yet ? Behold I say unto you, Nay; and God
has not ceased to be a God of miracles. Behold, are not the
things that God hath wrought, marvellous in ovr eyes? Yea,
and who can comprehend the marvellous works of God? Who
shall say that it was nota miracle, that by his word the heav-
en and the earth should be; and by the power of his wordy
man was created of the dust of the earth ; and by the power
of his word, hath miracles been wrought? And who. shall
say that Jesus Christ did not do many mighty miracles? Aad
