their language. And it came to pass that the brother of Jay
did ery unto the Lord, and the Lord had compassion tp,
their friends, and their families also, that they were not em
founded. And it came to pass that Jared spake again unto hr
brother, saying, Goand inquire of the Lord whether he yp
drive us out of the land; and if he will drive us out of the
land, ery unto him whither we shallgo. And who knowethby
the Lord will carry ug forth into a land which is choice aboe
all the earth. Andif it so be, let us be faithful unto the Lon,
that we may receive it for our inheritance.

And it came to pass that the brother of Jared did ery un
the Lord according to that which had been spoken by
mouth of Jared. And it came to pass that the Lord did her
the brother of Jared, and had compassion upon him,"and sail
unto him, Go to and gather together thy flocks, both male anl
female, of every kind; and also of the seed of the earthd
every kind, and thy families; and also Jared thy brother ai
his family; and also thy friends and their families, andthe |
friends of Jared and their families. And when thou hast dow
this, thou shalt go at the head of them down into the valle,
which is northward. And there will I meet thee, and | wil
go before thee into a land which is choice above all the landd
the earth. And there willl bless thee and thy seed, at
raise up unto me of thy seed, and of the seed of thy brother,
and they which shall go with thee, a great’ nation. And ther
shall be none greater than the nation which I will raise up uml
me of thy seed, upon all the face of the earth. And thus]
will do unto thee because of this Jong time which ye have erel
unto me,

And it came to pass that Jared, and his brother, and thet
families, and also the friends of Jared and his brother, ail
their families, went down into the valley which was northwanl,
{and the name of the valley was Nimrod, being called aitet
the mighty hunter,) with their flocks which they had gathered
together, male and female, of every kind. And they did als
lay snares and catch fowls of the air ; and they did also prepatt
a-vessel, in the which they did carry with them the fish

‘the waters ; and they did also carry with them deseret, which,
by interpretation, is a honey bee; and thus they did carry wi!
them swarms of bees, and all manner of that which was ups
the face of the land, seeds of every kind. And it came to pe
that when they had come down into the valley of Nimrod, the
Lord came down and talked with the brother of Jared; #!

 
