good, is of me : for good cometh of none, save it be of me. I
am the same that leadeth men to all good: he that will not he-
lieve my words, will not believe me, that I am 3 and he that
will not believe me, will not believe the Father which sent me.
For behold, 1 am the Father, I am the light, and the life, and
the truth of the world. Come unto me, O ye Gentiles, and I
will shew unto you the greater things, the knowledge which is
hid up because of unbelief. Come unto me, O ye house of
Israel, and it shall be made manifest unto you. how great
things the Father hath laid up for you, from the foundation of
the world ; and it hath not come unto yau, because of unbelief,
Behold, when ye shall rend that veil of unbelief which doth
catise you to remain in your awful state of wickedness, and
hardness of heart, and blindness of mind, then shall the great
and marvellous things which have been hid up from the found-
ation of the world from you; yea, when ye shall call upon the
Father in my name, with a broken heart and a contrite Spirit,
then shall ye know that the Father hath remembered the cove-
uant which he made unto your fathers, O house of Israel; and
then shall my revelations which I have caused to be writien
by my servant Jobn, be unfolded in the eyes of all the eople.
Remember, when ye see these things, ye shall know that the
time is at band that they shail be made manifest in very deed ;
therefore, when ye shall receive this record, ye may know
that the work of the Father has commenced upon all the face
of the land. Therefore, repent all ye ends of the earth, and
come unto me, and believe in my Gospel, and be baptized in
ny name: for he that believeth, and is baptized), shall be sa-
ved; but he that believeth not, shall be damned: and signs
shall follow them that believe in my name. And’ blessed is
he that is found. faithfal unto my name, at the last day: for:
they shall be lifted up to dwell in the kingdom prepared for *
them from the foundation of the world... And behold, it is J,
that hath spoken it. Amen.

———Te)
CHAPTER Ii.

Ann now I, Moroni, have written the words which was
commanded me, according to my memory; and I haye told you
the things which 1 have sealed up; therefore touch them not,
in order that ye may translate: for that thing is forbidden you,,
