except by and by it shall be wisdom in God. And behold, ye
may be privileged that ye may shew the plates unto those who
shall assist to bring forth this work ; and unto three shall they
be shewn by the power of God; wherefore, they shall know
of a surety that these things are true. And in the mouth of
three witnesses shall these things be established; and the
testimony of three, and this work, in the which shall be shewn
forth the power of God, and also his word, of which the Fa-
ther, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost beareth record ; and
all this shall stand as a testimony against the world, at the last
day. And if it so be that they repent and come unto the Fa-
ther in the name of Jesus, they shall be received into the king-
dom of God. And now, if | have no authority for these things,
judge ye, for ye shall know that I have authority when ye shall
see me, and we'shall stand before God at the last day. Amen.

—_—_—
CHAPTER III.

Anp now I, Moroni, proceed to give the record of Jared and
his brother. For it came to pass after that the Lord had pre-
pared the stones which the brother of Jared had carried up
into the mount, the brother of Jared came down out of the
mount, and he did put forth the stones into the vessels which
were prepared, one in each end thereof; and behold, they did”
give light unto the vessels thereof. And thus the Lord cau: ’
sed stones to shine in darkness, to give light unto men, wo-
men and children, that they might not cross the great waters 2
darkness.

And it came to pass that when they had prepared all man-
ner of food, that thereby they might subsist upon the water,
and also food for their flocks and herds, and whatsoever beast,
or animal, or fowl that they should carry with them: Andit
came to pass that when they had done all these things, they
got aboard of their vessels or barges, and set forth into the
sea, commending themselves unto the Lord their God. And
it came to pass that the Lord God caused that there should 2
furious wind blow upon the face of the waters, towards the,
promised land ; and thus they were tossed upon the waves al
the sea before the wind. And it came to pass that they were,
many times buried in the depths of the sea, because of the
mountain waves which broke upon them, and also the grea!
