and terrible tempests which were caused by the fierceness of
the wind.

And it came to pass that when they were buried in the deep,
there was no water that could hurt them, their vessels being
tight like unto a dish, and also they were tight like unto the
ark of Noah; therefore when they were encompassed about
by many waters, they did cry unto the Lord, and he did bring
them forth again upon the top of the waters. And it came to
pass that the wind did never cease to blow towards the prom-
ised Jand, while they were upon the waters; and thus they
were driven forth belore the wind; and they did sing praises
unto the Lord; yca, the brother of Jared did sing praises un-
to the Lord, and he did thank and praise the Lord all the day
long; and when the night came, they did not cease to praise
the Lord, And thus they were driven forth ; and no monster
of the sea could break them, neither whale that could mar
them: and they did have hight continually, whether it was
above the water or under the water. And thus they were
driven forth, three hundred and forty and four days upon the
water ; and they did land upon the shore of the promised land.
And when they had set their feet upon the shores of the prom-
ised land, they bowed themselves down upon the face of the
land, and did humble themselves before the Lord, and did
zhed tears of joy before the Lord, because of the multitude of
his tender mercies over them.

And it came to pass that they went forth upon the face of
the land, and began to til the earth. And Jared had four
sons; anit they were called Jacom, and Gilgah, and Mahah,
and Orihah. And the brother of Jared also begat sons and
daughters. And the friends of Jared and his brother, were in
number about twenty and two souls; and they also hegat sons
and daughters, before they came to the promised land; and
therefore they began to be many. And they were taught to
walk humbly before the Lord; and they were also taught
from on high.

And it came to pass that they began to spread upon the
face of the land, and to multiply and to till the earth; and they
did wax strong in the land, And the brother of Jared began
to be old, and saw that he must soon go down to the grave;
wherefore he saith unto Jared, Let us gather together our
people, that we may number them, that we may know of them
-what they will desire of us before we go down to our graves.
And accordingly the people were gathered together. Now the
