country was divided; and there was two kingdoms, the king
dom of Shule, and the kingdom of Color, the son of Noah.
And Cohor, the son of Noah, caused that his people should
give batile unto Shule, in the which Shule did beat them, and
did slay Cohor. And now Cohor had a son which was called
Nimrod; and Nimrod gave up the kingdom of Cohor unio
Shule, and he did gain favor in the eyes of Shule; wherefore
Shule did bestow great favors upon him, in the which he did
do in the kingdom of Shule according to his desires; and also
in the reign of Shule there came prophets among the people,

which were sent from the Lord, prophesying that the wicked-

ness and idolatry of the people was bringing a curse upon the
Jand, in the which they should be destroyed, if they did not
repent.

And it came to pass that the people did revile against the
prophets, and did mock them. And it came to pass that king
Shule did execute judgement against all those who did revile
against the prophets; and he did execute a law throughout al!
the land, which gave power unto the prophets that they should
go whithersoever they would; and hy this cause the people
were brought unto repentance. And because the people did
repent of their iniquities and idolatries, the Lord did spare
them, and they began to prosper again in the land. And it
came to pass that Shule begat sons and daughters in his old
age. .And there was no more wars in the days of Shule ; and
he remembered the great things that (he Lord had done for his
fathers in bringing them across the great deep into the prom-
ised Jand; wherefore he did execute judgement in righteous-
ness_all his days.

And it came to pass that he begat Omer, and Omer reigned
in his stead. And Omer begat Jared; and Jared begat sous
and daughters. And Jared rebelled against his father, and
came and dwelt in the land of Heth. And it came to pass

that he did flatter much people, because of his cunning words,’

until he had gained ‘the half of the kingdom. And when be
had gained the half of the kingdom, he gave battle unto his
father, and he did carry away his father into captivity, and did
make them serve in captivity. And now in the days of the
reign of Omer, he was in captivity the half of his days. And
it camg to pass that he begat sons and daughters, among whom
were Esrom and Coriantumr; and they were excceding angry
because of the doings of Jared their brother, insomuch that
they did raise an army,and gave battle unto Jared. And if
