came to pass that they did give battle unto him by night.—
And it came to pass that when they had slew the army ‘of Ja-
red, they were about to slay him also; and he plead with them
that they would not slay him, and he would give up the king-
dom unto his father. And it came to pass that they did grant
uato him his life, And now Jared became exceeding sorrow-
ful because of the loss of the kingdom, for he had set his heart
upon the kingdom, and upon the glory of the world, Now
the daughter of Jared being exceeding expert, and seeing the
sorrows of her father, thought to devise a plan whereby she
could redeem the kingdom unto her father. Now the daugh-
ter of Jared was exceeding fair. And it came to pass that
she did talk with her father, and saith unto him, Whereby hath
my father so much sorrow? Hath he not read the record which
our fathers brought across the great deep? Behold, is there
not an account concerning them of old, that they by their se-
cret plans did obtain kingdoms and great glory? And now
therefore, let my father send for Akish, the son of Kimnor ;
and behold, Yam fair, and I will dance before him, and I will
please him, that he will desire me to wife; whercfore if he
shall desire of thec that ye shall give unto him me to wife,
then shall ye say, I will give her if ye will bring unto me the
head of my father, the king. And now Omer was a friend to
Altish, wherefore when Jared had sent for Akish, the daugh-
tr of Jared danced before him, that she pleased him, inso-
much that he desired her to wife. And it came to pass that
le said unto Jared, Give her unto me to wife. And Jared
suid unto him, I will give her unto you, if ye will bring unto
me the head of my father, the king. And it came to pass that
Akish gathered in unto the house of Jared all his kinsfolks,
aud saith unto them, Will ye swear unto me that ve will be
faithful unto me in the thing which I shall desire of you? And
iicame to pass that they all sware unto him, by the God of
Heaven, and also by the Heavens, and also by the carth, and
by their heads, that whoso should vary from the assistance
which Akish desired, should lose his head ; and whoso should
divulge whatsoever thing Akish made Inown unto them, the
same should lose his life, And it came to pass that thus they
did agree with Akish. And Akish did administer unto them
the oaths which was given by them of old, who also sought
power, which had been handed down even from Cain, who
Was a murderer from the beginning. And they were kepi up
ty the power of the devil to administer these oaihs unto the
