small number of men, and fled out of the land, and came ove |
and dwelt with Omer. And it came to pass that Akish begy
other sons, and they won the hearts of the people, notwiih.
standing they had sworn unto him to do all manner of iniquity,
according to that which he desired. Now the people of Alid.
were desirous for gain, even as Akish was desirous for poy.
er; wherefore the sons of Akish did offer them money, by the
which means they drew away the more part of the people a
ter them; and there began to be a war between the sons of
Akish and Akish, which lasted for the space of many years;
yea, unto the destruction of nearly all the people of the kin.
dom ; yea, even all, save it were thirty souls, and they whiel
fled with the house of Oiner; wherefore Omer was restored
again to the land of his inheritance. And it came to pass thal
Omer began to be old; nevertheless, in his old age he beg
Emer; and he anointed Emer to be king to reign in his steat
And after that he had anointed Emer to be king, he saw peace
in the land for the space of two years, and he died, haying seet
exceeding many days, which were full of sorrow. Andi
came to pass that Emer did reign in his stead, and did fill the
steps of his father. And the Lord began again to take the
curse froin off the land, and the house of Emer did prospe
exceedingly under the reign of Emer; and in the space ofsit
ty and two years, they had become exceeding strong, ins
much that they became exceeding rich, having all manuerol
fruit, and of grain, and of silks, and of fine linen, and of golt,
and of silver, and of precious things, and also all manner
cattle, of oxen, and cows, and of sheep, and of swine, and af
goats, and also mauy other kind of ammals, which were ue
ful for the food of man; and they also had horses, and assts
and there were elephants, and cureloms, and cumoms; allil
which were useful unto man, and more especially the de
phants, and cureloms, and cumoms. And thus the Lord did
pour out his blessings opon this land, which was choice abort
all other lands; and be commanded that whoso should poss
the land, should possess it unto the Lord, or they sbould bt
destroyed when they were ripened in iniquity ; for upon such,
saith the Lord, I will pour out the fulness of my wrath. And
Emer did execute judgement in righteousness, all bis desi
and he begat many sons and daughters; and he begat Comil,
.tum; and he anointed Coriantum to reign in his stead.
after that he had anointed Coriantum to reign in his steal, he
Kived four years, and he saw peaee in the land; yea, and ii

 
