even saw the son of righteousness, and did rejoice and glory in
his day; and he died in peace. And it came to pass that Co-
iauntum did walk in the steps of his father, and did build ma-
ay mighty cities, and did administer that which was good un-
to his people, in all his days. And it came to pass that he had
no children, even until he was exceeding old. And it came
to pass that his wife died, being an hundred and two years old.
Andit came to pass that Coriantum took to wife, in his old
age, 2 young maid, and begat sons and daughters; wherefore
be lived until he was an hundred and forty and two years old.
And it came to pass that he begat Com, and Com reigned im
his stead; and he reigned forty and nine years, and he begat
Heth; and he also begat other sons and daughters, And the
people had spread again over all the face of the land, and there
hegan again to be an exceeding great wickedness upon the
face of the land, and Heth began to embrace the seerct plans
again of old, to destroy his father. And it came to pass that
he did dethrone his father: for he slew him with his own
sword; and he did reign in his stead. And there came pro-
phets in the land again, crying repentance unto them; that
they must prepare the way of the Lord, or there should come
acurse-upon the face of the land; yea, even there should be
agreat famine, in the which they should be destroyed, if they
did not repent. But the people believed not the words of the
pophets, but (hey cast them out; and some of them they cast
info pits, and left them to perish. And it came to pass that
they done all these things according to the commandment of
tbeking Heth. And it came to pass that there began to be a
steat dearth upon the land, and the inhabitants began to be de-
stroyed exceeding fast, because of the dearth: for theré was
no rain upon the face of the carth; and there came forth poi
sonous serpents also upon the face of the land, and did poison
many people. And it came to pass that their flocks began to
flee before the poisonous serpents, towards the land south-
ward, which was called by the Nephites, Zarahemla. And it
came to pass that there were many of them which did perish
by the way; nevertheless, there were some which fled into
the land southward. And it came to pass that the Lord did
tause the serpents that they should pursue them no more,
tut that they should hedge up the way, that the people could
Rot pass; that whoso should attempt to pass, might fall by

 

 

 

fid follow the course of the beasts, and did devour the ‘car-

the poisonous serpents. And it came to pass that the people.

‘
