 

war again in the land, insorhuch that Riplakish was killed, ~
and his descendants were driven out of the land.

And it came to pass after the space of many years, Morian-
ton, (he being a descendant of Riplakish,) gaihcred together
an army of outcasts, and went forth and gave battle unto the
people ; and he gained power over many cities; and the war
became exceeding sore, and did last for the space of many
years, and he did gain power over all the Jand, and did estab-
lish himself king over all the land. Ard after that he had es-
tablished himself king, he did case the burden of the people,
ia the which he did gain favor in the eyes of the-people, und
they did anoint him to be their king. And he did do justice
unto the people, but not unto himself, because of his muny
whoredoms ; wherefore he was cut off from the’ presence of
the Lord. And it came to pass that Morianton built up many
cities, and the people became exceeding rich under his reign,
both in buildings, and in gold, and in silver, and in raising
grain, and in flocks, and berds, and such things which had
heen restored unto them. And Morianton did live to an ¢x-
ceeding great age, and then he begat Kim; and Kim did reign
inthe stead of his father; and he did. reign eight years, and
his father died. And it came to pass that Kim did not reign
in righteousness, wherefore’ he was not favored of the Lord.
And his brother did raist. up in. rebellion against him, in the
which he did bring him into. captivity ; and he did remain in
captivity all his days; and he begat sons and daughters in.
captivity ; and in his old age he begat Levi, and he died.

And it came to pass that Levi did serve in captivity after
the death of his father, for the space of forty and two years.
Andhe did make war against the king of the land, in the
which he did obtain unto himself the kingdom. And alter
that he had obtained unto himself the kingdom, he did that
which was right in the sight of the Lord; and the peo-
ple did prosper in the Jand, and he did live to a good
old age, and begat sons and daughters ; and he also begat
Corom, whom he anointed king in his stead. And it came to
pass that Corom did that which was good in the sight of the.
Lord, all his days; and he begat many sons and daughters ;
and afler that he had seen many days, he did pass away, even
dike unto the rest of the earth ; and Kish reigned in his stead.

And it came to pass that Kish passed away also, and Lib ©
reigned in hiv stcad, And it’ came: to pass that Lib also did
that which was good in the sight of the Lord. And in the

 
