days of Lib the poisonous serpents were destroyed; where.
fore they did go mto the land southward, to hunt food for the
people of the laud ; for the land was covered with animals of
the forest. And Lib also himself became a great hunter—
And they built a great city by the narrow neck of land, by the
place where the sea divides the land. And they did preserve
the land southward for a wilderness, to get game. And the
whole face of the land northward was covered with inhahi-
tants ; and they were exceeding industrious, and they did buy
and sell, and traffic one with another, that they might get gain,
And they did werk in aJl manner of ore, and they did make
gold, and silver, and iron, and brass; and all manner of me-
als; and they did dig it out of the earth; wherefore they did

_ east op mighty beaps of carth for to get ore, of gold; andof

, and of iran, and of copper. And they did work all
manner of fine work, And they did have silks, and fine trie
ned nen ; and they did work all manner of cloth, that they
might clothe themselves from their nakedness, And they di
maice all manner of tools to till the earth, both to plough ani
to sow, to reap and to hee, and also to thrash. And they did
make all manner of tools in the which they did work thet
heasts, And they did make all manner of weapons of war
And they did work all manner of work of exceeding curious
workmanship. And never could be a people more. blessel
than were they, and more prospered by the ie of the Lon.
And they were ina land that was choice above all lands, fit
the Lord had spoken it. And it came to pass that Lib di
live many years, and begat sons and daughters; and he ale
begat Hearthom. And it came to pass that Hearthom reignel
in the stead of his father. And when Hearthom had reigned
twenty and four years, behold the kingdom was taken ava
from him. And he served many years in captivity ; yea, evel
all the remainder of his days, And he begat Heth, and Heil
lived in captivity all his days. And Tleth begat Aaron, and

  

   

;

|

Aaron dwelt in captivity all his days ; and be begat Amnigat: |

dah, and Amnigaddah also dwelt in captivity all his days)
and he begat Coriantum, and Coriantum dwelt in captivily all
his days; and he begat Com, And it came to pass that Com
drew away the half of the kingdom. And he reigned over the
“half of the kingdom forty aud two years ; and he went to hit
tle against the king Amgid, end they fought for the space
many years, in the which Com gained power over Amid, al
obtained power over the remainder of the kingdom. Andit

 
