the days of Com there began to be robbers in the land; and
they adopted the old plans, and administered oaths after the
manner of the ancients, and sought again to destroy the king-:
dom. Now Com did fight against them much; nevertheless,
he did not prevail against them. And there came also in the
days of Com many prophets, and prophesied of the destruc-
tion of that great people, except they should repent and turn
unto the Lord, and forsake their murders and wickedness.

And it came to pass that the prophets were rejected by the
people, and they fled unto Com for protection, for the people
sought to destroy them ; and they prophesied unto Com many
things: and he was blessed in all the remainder of his days.
And he lived to a good old age, and begat Shiblom; and Shib-
lom reigned in his stead. And the brother of Shiblem rebel-
led against him; and there began to be an exceeding great war
in all the land.

And it came to pass that the brother of Shiblom did cause
that all the prophets which prophesied of the destruction of the
people, should be put to death; and there was great calamity
inall the land: for they had testified that a great curse should,
come upon the land, and also upon the people, and that there
should be a great destruction among them, such an one as ne-
ver had been upon the face of the earth; and their bones
should become as heaps.of earth upon the face of the land,
except they should repent of their wickedness, And they
hearkened not unto the voice of the Lord; because of their
wicked combinations; wherefore there began to be wars and
contentions in al) the land, and also many famines and pesti-
fences, insomuch that there was a great destruction, such an
one as never had been known upon the face of the earth: and
all this came to pass in the days of Shiblom. And the peo-
ple began to repent of their iniquity; apd inasmuch as they
did, the Lord did have mercy on them. ,

And it came to pass that Shiblom was slain, and Seth was
brought into captivity; and he did dweil in captivity all his
days, And it came to pass that Ahah, his son, did/obtain the
kingdom’; and he did reign over the people all his days. And
he did do all manner of iniquity in his days, in the which he
did cause the shedding of much blood; and few were his days.
And Ethem, being a descendant of Ahab, did obtain the Iring-
dom; and he also did do that which was wicked in his days,
And it, came to pass in the days of Ethem, there came many
prophets and prophesied again unto tae people ; yea, they did
