prophesy that the Lord would utterly destroy them from of
the face of the earth, except they repented of their iniquities,
_And it came to pass that the people hardened their hearts, and
would not hearken unto their words ; and the prophets mourn.
ed and withdrew from among the people. :

And it came to pass that Ethem did execute judgement in
wickedness all his days; and he begat Moron. And it came
to pass that Moron did reign in his stead; and Moron did do
that which was wicked before the Lord. And it came to pass
that there arose a rebellion among the people, because of that
secret combination which was built up to get power and gain;
and there arose a mighty man among them in iniquity, and
gave battle unto Moron, in the which -he did overthrow the
half of the kingdom ; and he did maintain the half of the king-
dom for many years. And it came to pass that Moron did
overthrow him, and did obtain the kingdom again. And it
came to pass that there arose another mighty man; and be
was a descendant of the brother of Jared. And it came to
pass that he did overthrow Moron and obtain the kingdom;
wherefore Moron dwelt in captivity all the remainder of his
days; and he begat Coriantor.

And it came to pass that Coriantor dwelt in captivity all his
‘days, And in the days of Coriantor there also came many
prophets, and prophesied of great and marvellous things, and
cried repentance unto the people, and except they should s-
pent, the Lord God would execute judgement against them to
their ufter destruction; and that the Lord God would send
or bring forth another people to possess the land, by his pow:
er, after the manner which he brought their fathers. And they
did reject all the words of the prophets, because of their se-
cret society and wicked abominations. And it came to pass
that Coriantor begat Ether, and he died, having dwelt in cap-
tivity all his days.

Fa aan]
CHAPTER Y.

Ann it came to pass that the days of Either was in the days
of Coriantumr; and Coriantumr was king over all the land.—_
And Ether wes a prophet of the Lord; wherefore Ether came
forth in the days of Coriantumr, and began to prophesy uml
the people, for he could not be constrained because of the
