faith, hope, and charity, bringeth unto me the fountain of all
righteousness. And}, Moroni, having heard these words, was
comforted, and said, O Lord, thy righteous will be done, for

I keow that thou workest unto the children of men according
to their faith: for the brother of Jared said unto the mountain
Zixin, Remove, and it was removed. And if he had not had
faith, it would not have moved; wherefore thou workest after
that men have faith: for {hus did thou manifest thyself unto
thy disciples. For after that they had faith, and did speak in
thy name, thou didst shew thysclf unto them in great power ;
and | also rememberest that thou hast said that thou hast
prepared a house for man; yea, even among the mansions of
thy Father, in the which man might have a more excellent
hope ; wherefore man must hopé, or he cannot receive an in-
heritance in the place which thou hast prepared. And again I
remember that thou hast said that thou hast loved the world,
even unto the laying down of thy life for the world, that thou
mightest take it again to prepare a place for the children of
men, And now I know that this love which thou hast had _
for the children of men, is charity; wherefore, except men
shall have charity, they cannot inherit that place which thou ~
hast prepared in the mansions of thy Father. Wherefore, I
know by this thing which thou hast said, that if the Gentiles
have not charity, because of our weakness, that thou wilt prove
them, and take away their talent, yea, even that which they
have received, and give unto them which shall hayé more *

abundantly. i, *
And it came to pass that I prayed unto the Lord tha

would give unto the Gentiles grace, that they might have char-
ity. And it came to pass that the Lord said unto me, If they
haye not charity, it mattereth not unto thee, thou hast been
faithful; wherefore thy garments shall be made clean. And
because thou hast seen thy weakness, thou shalt be made |
strong, even unto the ‘sitting down in the place whieh I have a
prepared in the mansions of my Father. And now I, Moroni,
bid farewell unto the Gentiles, yea, and also unto my brethren
whom I love, until we shall meet before the judgement seat of
Christ, where all men shall know that my garments are not

_ Spotted with your blood; and then shall ye know that I have

: seen Jesus, and that he hath talked with me face to face, and

that he told me in plain humility, even as a man telleth
~ another in mine own language, concerning these things ; and
only a few have I written, because of my weakness in writing.
