become new. And ther’ cometh the New Jerusalem; and
blessed arc they which dwell therein, for it is they whose gar-
ment are white through the blood of the Lamb; and they are
they which are numbered among the remnant of the seed of
Joseph, which were of the house of Israel. And then also
cometh the Jerusalem of old; and the inhabitants thereof,
blessed are they, for they have been washed in the blood of
the Lamb; and they are they which were scattered and gath-
ered in from the four quarters of the earth, and from the north
countries, and are partakers of the fulfilling of the covenant
which God made with their father Abraham. And when these
things come, bringeth to pass the Scripture which saith,
There are they which were first, which shall be last; and.
there are,they which were last, which shall be first.

And [ was about to write more, but I am forbidden; but
great and marvellous were the prophecies of Ether, but they
esteemed him as nought, and cast him out, and he hid himself”
in the cavity of arock by day, and by night he went forth
viewing the things which should come upon the people. And
as he dweit in the cavity of a rock, he made the remainder of
this record, viewing the destructions which came upon the peo- _
ple by night. And it came to pass that in that same year
which he was cast out from among the people, there began to
be a great war among the people, for there were many which .
rose up who were mighty men, and sought to destroy Corian- —
tumr by their secret plans of wickedness, of which hath been
spoken. And now Coriantumr, having studied himself imall
the arts of war, and all the cunning of the world, wherefore he
gave battle unto them which sought to destroy him; but he
repented not, neither his fair sons nor daughters ; neither the
fair sons and daughters of Cohor; neither the fair sons and
daughters of Corihor ; and in fine, there was none of the fair
sons and daughters upon the face of the whole earth,- which
repented of their sins ; wherfore it came to pass that in the
first year that Ether dwelt in the cavity of a rock, there was
many people which was slain by the sword of those secret
combinations fighting against Coriantumr, that they might ob-
fain the kingdom. And it came to pass that the sons of Corian-
tumr fought much, and bled much. And in the second year,
the word of the Lord came to Ether, that he should go and
prophesy unto Coriantumr, that if he would repent, and all
his household, the Lord would give unto him his kingdom, and
spare the people, otherwise they should be destroyed, and al
