sed, behold, there arosesthe brother of Shared, and he gave
pattle unto Coriantumr, in the which Coriantumr did beat
him, and did pursue him to the wilderness of Akish. And it
eame to pass that the brother of Shared did give battle unto
him in the wilderness of Akish; and the battle became excee-
dig sore, and’many thousands fell by the sword. And it
came to pass that Coriantumr did lay siege to the wilderness,
and the brother of Shared did march forth out of the wilder-
ness by night, and slew a part of the army of Coriantumr, as
they were drunker. » And he came forth to the land of Moron,
and placed himself upon the throne of Coriantumr. And it
came (o pass that Coriantumr dwelt with his army in the wil-
derness, for the space of two years, in the which he did re-
ceive great strength to his army. Now the brother of Shared,
whose name was Gilead, also received great strength to his
army, because of secret combinations. And it came to pass
that his High Priest murdered him as he sat upon his throne.
And it came to pass that one of the secret combinations mur-
dered him in a secret pass, and obtained urto himself the
kingdom; and his name was Lib; and Lib was a man of great
stature, more than any other man among all the people. And
itcame to pass that in the first year of Lib, Coriantumr came
up unto the land of Moron, and gave battle unto Lib. And it
came to pass that he fought with Lib, in the which Lib did

_ smite upon his arm, that he was wounded ; nevertheless, the
army of Coriantumr did press forward upon Lib, that he fled
to the borders upon the seashore. And it came to pass thet»
Coriantumr pursued him; and Lib gave battle unto bim upon
the seashore, And it came to pass that Lib did smite the
army of Coriantumr, that they fied again to the wildernsss of
Akish, And it came to pass that Lib did pursue him until he
came to the plains of Agosh. And Coriantumr had taken alt
the people with him, as he fled before Lib, in that quarter ol
the land whither he fled. And when he had come to the
porns of Agosh, he gave battle unto Lib, and he smote upon
im until he died; nevertheless, the brother of Lib did come
against Coriantumr in thestead thereof, and the battle became
exceeding sore, in the which Coriantumi fled again before the
army of the brother of Lib. Now the name of the brother of
ib was called Shiz. And it came to pass that Shiz pursued
er Coriantumr, and he did overthrow many cities, and
e did slay both women and children, and he did burn the ci-
ties thereof’; and there went a fear of Shiz throughout all the

   
 

 
