Jand ; yea, a cry went forth throughout the land: Who ean.
stand before the army of Shiz? Behold, he sweepeth the
earth before him! And it came to pass that the people began
to flock together in armies, throughout all the face of the land,
And they were divided, and a part of them fled to the army of
Shiz, and a part of them fled to the army of Coriantumr—
And so great and lasting had been the war, and so long had
been the scene of bloodshed and carnage, that the whole face
of the land was covered with the bodies of the dead; and so
swift and speedy was the war, that there was none left to bury
the dead, but they did march forth from the shedding of blood,
to the shedding of blood, leaving the bodies of both men, wo-
men and children, strewed upon the face of the Jand, to be-
come a prey to the worms of the flesh ; and the scent thereol
went forth upon the face of the land, even upon all the face of
the land; wherefore the people became troubled by day and
by night, because of the scent thereof; nevertheless, Shiz did
not cease to pursue Coriantumr, for he had sworn to avenge
Bizaself upon Cariantumr of the blood of his brother, which
“had been slain, and the word of the Lord which came to
Ether, that Coriantumr should not fall by the sword. And
thas we see that the Lord did visit them in the fulness of his
wrath, and their wickedness and abominations had prepared
way for their everlasting destruction. And it came to pass
that Shiz did pursue Coriantumr eastward, even to the bor
ders by the seashore, and there he gave battle unto Shiz for
the space of three days; and so terrible was the destruction
among the armies of Shiz, that the people began to be fright
ened, and began to flee |:efore the armies of Coriantumr; and
they fled to the land of Corihor, and swept off the inhabitants
before them, all they that would not join them; and they pitch-.
ed their tents in the valley of Corihor. And Coriantumr
pitched his tents in the valley of Shurr. Now the valley of
Shurr was near the hill Comnor; wherefore Coriantumr did
gather his armies together, upon the hill Comnor, and did
sound a trumpet unto the armies of Shiz, to invite them forth»
to battle. And it came to pass that they came forth, but were
driven again; and they came the second time; and they were
driven again the second time. And it came to pass that they
came again the third time, and the battle became exceedin
sore. Andit came to pass that Shiz smote upon Coriantumy
that he gave him many deep wounds. And Coriantumr hav"
ing lost his blood, fainted, and was carried away as though b
