 

were dead. Now the loss of men, women and children, on
bath sides, were so great that Shiz commanded his people
that they should not pursue the armies of Coriantumr; where-
fore they returned to their camp.

And it came to pass that when Coriantumr had recovered
of his wounds, he began to remember the words which Ether
had spoken unto him: He saw that there had been slain by
the sword already nearly two millions of his people, and he
began to sorrow in his heart; yea, there had been stain two
millions of mighty men, and also their wives and their chil-
dren. He began to repent of the evil which he had done; he
began to remember the words which had been spoken by the
mouth of all the prophets, and he saw them that they were
fulilled, thus far, every whit; and his soul mourned, and re-
fused to be comforted. And it came to pass that he wrote an
episile unto Shuz, desiring him that he would spare the peo-
ple, and he would give up the kingdom for the sake of the
hives of the people. And it came to pass that when Shiz had
received-his epistle, he wrote an episile unto Coriantumyr, that
ihe would give himself up, that he might slay him with his
own sword, that he would spare the lives of the people. And
it came to pass that the people repented not of their iniquity ;
and the people of Coriantumr were stirred up to anger against
the people of Shiz ; and the people of Shiz were stirred up to
anger against the pedple of Coriantumr; wherefore the peo-
ple of Shiz did give battie unto the people of Coriantumr,—
And when Coriantumr saw that he was about to fall, he fled
again before the people of Shiz. And it came to pass that he
came to the waters of Ripliancum, which, by interpretation,
is large, or to exceed all; wherefore, when they came to these
waters, they pitched their tents; and Shiz also pitehed his
tents, near unto them ; and therefore, on the morrow, they did
come to battle. And it came to pass that they fought an ex-
ceeding sore baitle, in the which Coriantumr was wounded ©
again, and he fainted with the loss of blood. And it came to”
pass thatthe armies of Coriantumr did press upon the armies
of Shiz, that they beat them, that they caused them to flee be-
fore them; and they did flee southward, and did pitch their
tents in a place which wascalled Ogath. And it came fopass

at the army of Coriantumr did pitch their tents. by the hill

amah; and it was that same hill where my father Mormon »
id hide up the records unto the Lord, which were sacred.—
_ And it came to pass that they did gather together all the peo-
