be unto the children of, men, for it is because of unbelief, and
allis vain: for no man can: be saved, according to the words
of Christ, save they shall have faith in his name; wherefore,
if these things have ceased, then has faith ceased also; and
awful is the state of man: for they are as though there had
been uo redemption made. But behold, my beloved brethren,
I judge better things of you, for J judge that ye have faith im
Christ, because of your meekness : for if ye have not faith in
him, then ye are not fit to be numbered among the people of
his church. And again my beloved brethren, 1 would speak
unto you concerning hope. How is it that ye can attain unto
faith, save ye shall have hope? And what is it that ye shall
hope for?” Behold 1 say unto you, That ye shall have hope
through the atonement of Christ and the power of his resur-
rection, to be raised unto life eternal ; and this because of your
faith in him according to the promise ; wherefore, if a man
have faith, he must needs have hope: for without faith there
cannot be any hope. And again: Behold I say unto you, That
he cannot have faith and hope, save he shall be meek, and
lowly of heart: if so, his faith and hope is vain, for none is
acceptable before God, save the meek and lowly of heart; and
$f a man be meck and lowly in heart, and confesses by the
power of the Holy Ghost, that Jesus is the Christ, he must
needs have charity: for if he have not charity, he is nothing;
wherefore he inust needs have charity. And charity suifcreti
” jong, and is kind, and envieth not, and is not pufied up, seek-
eth not her own, is not easily provoked, thinketh no evil, and
joiceth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in the truth, beareth all |
s, believeth all things, hopeth all things, endureth all
things 5. wherefore, my beloved brethren, if ye have not charity,
ye are nothing, for charity never faileth. Wherefore, cleave,
nto charity, which is the greatest of all, for all things must
fail; but charity is the pure love of Christ, and it endureth
forever; and whoso is found possessed of it at the last day, it
shall be well with them. Wherefore, my beloved brethren,
pray unto the Father with all the energy of heart, that ye may
be filled with this love which he hath bestowed upon all who
are true followers of his Son Jesus Christ, that ye may be-
come the sons of God, that when he shall appear, we shal]
like him: for we shall sce him as he is, that we may haw
this hope, that we may be purified even as he is pure. Amen:
