have died without baptism. Wherefore, if little children
could not be saved without baptism, these must have gone to
an endless hell. Behold I'say unto you, That he that suppo-
seth that little children needeth baptism, is in the gall of bit-
terness, and inthe bonds iniquity: for he hath neither faith,
hope, nor charity; wherefore, should he be cut off while in
the thought, he must go down to hell, For awful is the wick-
edness to suppose that God saveth one child because of bap-
tism, and the other must perish because he hath no baptism.
Wo be unto him that shall pervert the ways of the Lord after
this manner, for they shall perish, except they repent. Be-
hold, 1 speak with boldness, having authority from God ; and
I fear not what man can do: for perfect love casteth out all
fear; and 1 am filled with charity, which is everlasting love;
wherefore all children are alike unto me; wherefore I Jove lit-
tle children with a perfect love; and they are all alike, and
partakers of salvation. For I know that God is not a partial
God, neither a changeable being ; but he is unchangeable from
all eternity to all eternity. Little children cannot repent;
wherefore it is awful wickedness to deny the pure mercies of
God unto them, for they are all alive m him because of his
mercy. And he that saith that little children needeth baptism,
denieth the mercies of Christ, and setteth at nought the atone-
ment of him and the power of his redemption. Wo unto
such, for they are in danger of death, hell, and an endless
torment. I speak it boldly, God hath commanded me. List:
en unto them and give heed, or they stand against you at the
judgement seat of Christ. For hehold-that all little children
“are alive in Christ, and also all they that are without the law.
For the power of redemption cometh on all they that have no
Jaw ; wherefore, he that is not condemned, or he that is under
no condemnation, cannot repent; and unto such baptism avail-
eth nothing. But it is mockery before God, denying the mer-
cies of Christ, and the power. of his holy spirit, and putting
trust in dead works.’ Behold, my son, this thing had not ~
ought tobe: for repentance is unto them that are under con-
demnation, and under the curse of a broken law. And the
first fruits of repentance is baptism; and baptism cometh by
faith, unto the fulfilling the commandments; and the fulfilling
the commandments bringeth remission of sins; and the remis-
sion of sins bringeth meekness, and lowliness of heart; and
because of meekness ahd lowliness of heart, cometh the visit-
ation of. the Holy Ghost, which comforter filleth with hope
