end perfect love, which love endureth by diligence unto prayer,
until the end shall come, when all the saints shall dwell with
God. . Behold, my son, I will write unto you again, if I go not
out soon against the Lamanites. Behold, the pride of this
nation, or the people of the Nephites, hath proved their des-
traction, except they should repent. . Pray for them, my son,
that repentance may come unto them. But behold, I fear lest
the spirit hath ceased striving with them ; and in this part of
the Jand they are also sceking to put down all power and au-
thority, which cometh from God; and they are denying the
Holy Ghost. And after rejecting so great a knowledge, my
son, they must perish soon, unto the fulfilling of the prophe-
cies which was spoken by the prophets, as well as the words
of our Saviour himself. Farewell, my son, until I shall write
unto you, or shall meet you again. Amen. :

SS
CHAPTER IX.
The second epistle of Mormon to his son Moroni.

My beloved son, J write unto you again, that ye may know
that I am yet alive; but I write somewhat that which is griev-
ous. For behold, I have had a sore battle with the Laman-
ites, in the which we did not conquer; and Archeantus has
fallen by the sword, and also Luram and Emron; yea, and we
have lost a great number of our choice men, And now be-
hold, my son,’I fear lest the Lamanites shall destroy this peo-
ple, for they do not repent, and Satan stirreth them up contin-.
ually to anger, one with another. Behold, J am laboring with
them continually; and when I speak the word of God with
sharpness, they tremble and anger against me; and when I
use no sharpness, they harden their hearts against it; where-
fore I fear lest the spirit of the Lord hath ceased striving with
them. For so exceedingly do they anger, that it seemeth me:
that they have no fear of death ; and they have lost their'love,
one towards another; and they thirst after blood and revenge
continually. And now my beloved son, notwithstanding their
hardness, let us labor diligently : for if we should cease to la-
bor, we should be brought under condemnation: for we have
a labor to perform whilst im this tabernacle of clay, that we
