light in every thing save that which is good; and the suffer-
ings of our women and our children upon ali the face of this
land, doth exceed every thing; yea, tongue cannot tell, neither
can it be written. And now my son, I dwell no longer upon
this horrible scene. Behold, thou knowest the wickedness
of this people; thou knowest that they are without principle.
and past feeling; and their wickedness doth exceed that of
the Lamanites. Behold, my son, I cannot recommend them
unto Gol, lest he should smite me. _ But beold, my son, I ree-
ommend thee unto God, and I trust in Christ that thou wilt
be saved; and I pray unto God that he would spare thy life,
to witness the return of his people unto him, or their utter
destruction: for I know that they must perish, except they re-
pent and return unte him; and if they perish, it will be like
unto the Jaredites, because of the wilfulness of their hearts,
seeking for blood and revenge. And if it so be that they per-
ish, we know that many of our brethren have dissented over
untothe Lamanites, and many more will also dissent over unto
them; wherefore, write somewhat a few things, if thou art
spared ; and I shall perish and not see thee; but I trust that
I may see thee soon: for Ihave sacred records that I would
deliver up unto thee. My son, be faithful in Christ ; and may
not the things which I have written, grieve thee, to weigh thee
down unto death, but may Christ lift thee up, and may his
sufferings and death, and the shewing his body unto our4a-
thers, and his mercy and long suffering, and the hope of his
glory and of eternal life, rest in your mind forever.. And may
the grace of God the Father, whose throne is high in the
heavens, and our Lord Jesus Christ, who sitteth on the right
hand of his power, until all things shall become subject unto
him, be, and abide with you forever. Amen.

vt

CHAPTER X.

Now I, Moroni, write somewhat as seemeth me good ; ‘and
{ write unto my brethren, the Lamanites; and I would that
they should kmow that more than four hundred and twenty
_ years has passed away, since the sign was given of the coming
of Christ. And I seal up these records, afterthat I have spo-
cen a few words by way of exhortation unto you. Behold, I
would exhort you that when ye shall read these things, ifit be

a
