ye can in no wise be saved in the kingdom of God; neither
ean ye be saved in the kingdom of God, if ye have not faith ;
neither can ye, if ye have no hope; and if ye have no hope,
‘ye must needs be in despair; and despair comcth because of
iniquity. And Christ truly said unto our fathers, If ye have
faith, ye can do all things which is expedient unto me. And
‘now I speak unto all the ends of the earth, that if the day.
cometh that the power and gifts of God shall be done away
among you, it shall be because of unbelief. And wo be unto
the children of men, if this be the case: for there shall be
none that doeth good among you, no not one. For if there be
one among you that doeth good, he shall work by the power
and gifts of God. And wo unto them which shall do these
things away and die, for they die in their sins, and they cannot
be saved in the kingdom of God; and I speak it according to
the words of Christ, and I lie not. And I exhort you to re-
member these things: for the time speedily cometh that ye
shall know that I lie not, for yeshall see me at the bar of God:
and the Lord God will say unto you, Did I not declare my
words unio you, which was written by this man, like as one
erying from the dead? yea, even as one speaking out of the
dust, I declare these things unto the fulfilling of the proph-
ecies. And behold, they shall proceed forth out of the mouth
of the everlasting God; and his word shall hiss forth from
generation to generation, And God shall shew unto you, that
that which I have written, is true. And again I would exhort
you, that ye would come unto Christ, and lay hold upon every
good gift, and touch not the evil gift, nor the unclean thing:—
And awake, and‘arise from the dust, O Jerusalem ; yea, and
puton thy beautiful garments, O daughter of Zion, and strength-
en thy stakes, and enlarge thy borders forever, that thou may-
est no more be confounded, that the covenants of the Eternal
Father, which he hath made unto thee, O house of Israel, may
be fulfilled. Yea, come unto Christ, and be perfected in him,
and deny yourselves of all ungodtiness ; and if ye shall deny
yourselves of all ungodliness, and love God with all your
‘might, mind and strength, then is his grace sufficient for you,
that by his grace ye may be perfect in Christ; and if by’ the
grace of God ye are perfect in Christ, ye can in no wise deny
the power of God, And again, if ye, by the grace of God are

perfect in Christ, and deny not his power, then are ye sancti- _

fied in Christ by the grace of God, tbrough the shedding of
the blood of Christ, which is in the covenant of the Father,

 
